

--- blocked.pdf ---

Blocked
Red Alert announced all over the area. As the rain increases, water level starts to
rise all over the roads. Roads were blocked, people who were stuck were being trans-
ported to relief camps.
A man's phone rings and is called to check for the drainage to check for any blocks
and find a solution. The man wears his badge with the post of "Drainage Specialist"
written on it. He sits on the boat, while being transported to the main, the man
falls asleep.
A glimpse of 2004 floods and 2019 kerala floods goes through his mind. People strug-
gling to go home, Snakes swimming through the water, Electric poles falling down.
The man wakes up reaching the drainage point where the issue started. The main wears
a swimsuit and oxygen cylinder and gets down the drainage hole. He finds plastic ac-
cumulated at the drainage grating to the main drainage blocked exactly where all
other pipelines connect causing the flood. The man tries to remove the contents but
the pressure kept building.
2013 uttarakhand floods, people start evaluating their homes as water starts to build
up and small earthquakes cause landslides. People's homes destroyed and debris
overflow.
Here, the man swims up, grabs a crowbar and swims back down. He breaks the drainage
grating. The floodwater begins draining rapidly after the grate is broken. The man
starts getting sucked into the drainage, so he pulls the rope signalling people on
the boat to pull him up. The crew starts pulling the man up. Streets slowly clear,
and rescue boats can move freely again. The man pulls himself out of the drain, ex-
hausted but relieved.
Few days later
The man walks of the street and finds a boy throwing a plastic wrapper on the floor.
The man runs towards the wrapper, picks it up. He looks at the boy, but he was gone.
He takes the wrapper and puts it in a dustbin.
“Floods don’t begin with rain. They begin with waste.”


--- Bloody Politics.pdf ---

Bloody Politics
Bangalore 2025
Vikas Shetty aged 32, the son of CM Ravindra Shetty starts a new party with the name
"UIA- United Indian Association". Ravindra Shetty in press meet "He is not my son
anymore! Let us see what he does! Whatever he does, we will win in this elections!".
Troll channels start to make father vs son videos viral. Vikas in the Inaugural
speech says "People thought my father will join this party before his press meet! But
I have come for you! The people! I am conducting a survey and we are on our way to
solve atleast 30% of your problems before the elections! I feel honesty towards the
people is the only way I can win! What I say will be truthful to all of you and
that's my promise!". On this note Vikas starts survey throughout the state. Vikas and
his team short list the survey for the most common and easily executable problems and
starts working on it. The primary problem was water scarcity, mainly in bangalore
which was the constituency he was standing in. So he decided to propose a canal join-
ing all the lakes of Bangalore. He along with few volunteers decide to clean the vr-
ishabhavathi river from the dried up areas in yeshwantpur to the innovative film City
stretching nearly 40kms. The cleaning campain was successful and people were happy
with what Vikas was doing. One day Ravindra calls Vikas to their house. Vikas enters
the house, meets his mother and his mother asks "How are you my son? Where were you
living all these days?". Vikas replies "I was fine, why did your Ravindra Shetty!
Your husband call me?". Vikas's mother says "He is your father, atleast give him that
respect!". Vikas turns his face and says "Call him! I have no respect for him!".
Suddenly from behind Ravindra with a knife stabs on vikas's back. Vikas shocked
turns, his eyes blur and says "Why? Why are you doing this to me?". Ravindra says
"You are putting my 55 years of political career in danger! The only thing I have
right now except Reputation is Power! I will not let you take it from me!". Vikas
shouts in pain. He gets up and pushes Ravindra. Ravindra asks his men to kill vikas.
Vikas runs out in pain, while Ravindra's men followed. Vikas is completely beaten up.
Vikas's mother asks Ravindra "Spare our son!". Ravindra replies "No! My experience in
politics is nearly twice his age! I won't let a insect be a issue to me. If you ask
him to spare once again! I will not hesitate to kill you too". Vikas's mother begs
Ravindra to spare him. Ravindra takes the knife and cuts his wife's throat killing
her. Vikas hearing his mother screaming pushes Ravindra's men and try to enter the
house. Ravindra's men kept pushing him out. Vikas in a fit of rage, takes a knife
from one of the henchmen and stabs each one of them. Holds his mother in his arms and
starts to cry. Ravindra comes back and grabs Vikas in his hands and says "You
shouldn't have left me!". Before Ravindra could do anything, Vikas stabs Ravindra and
kills him. One of Ravindra's men calls the press. Vikas slowly walks out of the
house, before he could leave, press arrive crowding at the house. A reported named
Vikram asks "Sir! Who killed your father and mother? Was it you? For your political
benefit?". Vikas closes his eyes and remembers his inaugural speech "I feel honesty
towards the people is the only way I can win! What I say will be truthful to all of
you and that's my promise!". Vikas says to Vikram "I got a phone call from someone
from here that my father and mother was in danger. When I arrived, this was the situ-
ation! Please leave me alone, as I suffering from a lot of pain, not about my father
but my innocent mother!". Vikas folds his hands and asks everyone to leave crying.
Ravindra's political party's men join Vikas knowing what the truth was.
Vikram on his Press channel says on Live "This statement was given by UIA leader Mr
Vikas Shetty 'I feel honesty towards the people is the only way I can win! What I say
will be truthful to all of you and that's my promise!' but he has been lying to us
the whole time saying 'I got a phone call from someone from here that my father and
mother was in danger. When I arrived, this was the situation!' This is false as we
have cross examined his call history and no such calls have come. We also have a CCTV
footage of the house where Shetty is clearly seen killing his father Ravindra Shetty
and Ravindra Shetty who had killed his wife Mrs Anuradha Shetty. Vikas Shetty was
clearly seen killing Ravindra Shetty and his men! How can we hand our state to such
criminals? Are the police sleeping?". Vikas throws the TV remote on the floor listen-
ing to this. Vikas asks his men "I was turned into a politician at that point of
time! But who is this guy?". Vikas calls the commissioner "I want that news re-
porter!". UIA party members among themselves "He has the real power now! That's why
he has become the real politician which he was not before! He has slowly turned into
his father". Commissioner gets into the press company named News 3.42 to arrest
Vikram. Vikram resists the arrest without knowing what he was being charged for. The
commissioner named Raj says "We will charge you with more, if you don't come with
us". Vikram turns towards the camera which was being pointed at them Live and says
"Common people have no rights to raise voice against politicians, then what demo-
cratic country are we in?". Vikas starts to sweat looking at the news. People who
thought that Vikas wouldn't have killed his parents also started to turn against him.
Vikram was pulled at taken into custody by Raj. Mid way they take a turn and goes to
an old abandoned factory and points a gun at him. Few black cars arrive at the scene
and from that comes Vikas. Vikram says "I knew, you were behind it!". Vikas says "I
agree I killed my father and his men, but what can I do?". Vikram says "It is not
only about killing Ravindra, it is about Zach medics!". Vikas starts to sweat and
asks "What is that?". Vikram says "How can you forget the Drug Bust in Zach medics
for which you were arrested 6 months back, but was cleared of charges with your
father's power! You studied in Canada, so people didn't know you were Ravindra's son.
But your father threw you out and then you became power hungry! You destroyed even
the lives of the youth volunteers who came for the vrishabhavathi river cleaning camp
by giving them free juice with drugs mixed in it!". Vikas says "So! You know it all?
But what is the use? You are going to die!". Vikram says "You kill me now, the de-
tails are in the computer I use, the next person replacing me will get that. So he
will access the files and your history will come to surface!". Vikas says "No! I
can't afford it!". Vikram says "Then to get it you will have to release me!". Vikas
says "Why will I release you? I only need the password which can be retrieved by a
hacker and laptop will be brought by my assistant!". Vikas calls a hacker to the fac-
tory and asks his men to get Vikram's laptop. Vikram says "Then kill me! You have ar-
ranged all these right?". Vikas says "I am not a fool! If the hacker is unable to re-
trieve it, then what?". Vikram says "I thought, you will be like the old style fool-
ish villain. But you are better!". Vikas asks "better?". Just then, The hacker and
his men arrive at the factory. Vikas gives Vikram's laptop to the hacker and says
"You have to open this laptop and delete all the files!". The hacker opens the laptop
and says "This laptop has a feature! It will not let the laptop to be hacked within
the lockscreen and the lock can be only entered thrice, if not it will self de-
struct!". Vikas says "If it self destructs, then all the data will go! Then I don't
need to worry!". The hacker puts wrong password 3 times and the screen goes blank.
Vikram starts laughing. Vikas shocked asks "your data is deleted, why are you laugh-
ing?". Vikas says "Which fool called this guy a hacker? It was not a self destruct
program. It was a File sending program. It sends all the files through my social me-
dia handle and don't think internet is not connected. My Hotspot in my phone is on!".
Vikas calls the commissioner to remove the files, but the commissioner Raj rejects
his call, as he too is under inspection from human rights commission. Vikram asks a
man to remove his hands which were tied. Vikram says "A fool and his foolish party.
You are actually like the old style villain!". Vikram walks, Vikas shouts "You will
die from my hands!". Vikram says "Your weapon is a gun, my weapon is my mouth! Words
spoken have more emphasis!".
[Interval]
Next day, Vikram goes to 3.42 office and asks the chief editor to add his points
along with the proof of Vikas's arrest in the Drug Bust, held 6 months ago. On Live
TV he exposed Vikas saying "A politician now, a drug lord before. Here is the proof.
My face looks beaten up? But the public was beaten with slippers because of people
like these. Youths were drugged during the vrishabhavathi river. Here is the proof.
We are having a proof talk today. If Vikas is seeing this! It's time to End!". Vikram
takes his bag and leaves the office. On his way back, Vikram's car is hit with a
truck and sandwiched within a tree. Ambulance arrive and Vikram is taken to hospital.
His shoulder bone and back had severe fractures. Vikas says to his party members
"Vikram is Down! Lets start the campain!". Vikas runs a free health supply campain
run by Zach Medics. It was a card for which people got free medicines made by Zach
medics. People were signed for organ donations along with the scheme papers. Zach
medics stock market goes sky rocketing. Enquiry was started on Vikas using the closed
down Zach medics. But before they could I anything, Zach medics had rebranded it's
logo and a new permission was made and for which the owner's name was Jennifer
Shetty, Vikas's wife. Meanwhile, Vikram was discharged and was taken home. He
couldn't walk and bend is back and required 2 months rest. Raj who was in suspension
was brought back by Vikas. Raj asks Vikas "What happened to Vikram?". Vikas says
"Vikram won't get up until the elections gets over in two months. We have full lib-
erty". Vikram calls his friends to his house and asks to check what medicines are for
which purpose. Out of which one was found for paralysing the lower body. Vikram says
"Vikas is trying to paralyse my lower body! This medicine! I won't spare him". Vikram
stops taking the medicine and starts to get cured. Within one and a half month,
Vikram starts to walk. Vikram goes to News 3.42 and starts a live. Vikram says
"Elections are coming this month. We already have a person in mind. Once close your
eyes and think, the person whom you're going to vote, has he done anything to you?
For example, If you have Vikas in your mind, he cleaned the vrishabhavathi river. But
did you get clean water? He conducted a medical camp. Did every medical shop have a
medicine from Zach medics? Did you guys even check the expiry date before buying this
medicines? Did the medicine cure your ailment? This is your final chance! The State's
Democracy is in your! No Our hands! If we loose it now! We will loose it forever!
Thank you!". The manager asks "That's all? For saying this you came all the way
here?". Vikram says "People will understand today! If not today then Tomorrow!".
Vikas watching the live shouts "How did he get cured so early? Why is he using me as
the example? I am! I am going to kill him!". Vikas takes a gun and gets into his car.
Raj stops him and says "Sir, already the election is out of your hand, this will
cause more damage!". vikas shouts "No! I won't win this elections, then why shouldn't
I kill him now! Driver take the vehicle!". Vikas on his way to Vikram's house is fol-
lowed by police. Vikas asks to stop the car and gets down. Vikas to the police "Thank
you all for following me, but I don't think you need to follow me before elections!".
Raj comes out of the police vehicle and says "You are not being given protection, you
are being arrested. Your charges are strong and putting all this charges aside, you
have deceived the election commission!". Vikas gets in his car and asks his driver to
go as fast as possible. Meanwhile the police kept on chasing him. Vikas takes his gun
and takes down each police vehicle shooting at its tyres one by one. Vikas laughs,
and reaches Vikram's house. Vikas finds the house locked. Suddenly a car's light
flashes on him and Vikram comes out. Vikas shoots Vikram but misses. Vikram gets in
his car and takes a reverse. Vikas runs and gets into his car and starts to follow
Vikram.
Vikas shoots the car's tyres, Vikram's car slides, he turns the car and takes a
person's bike and goes. Vikas kept on chasing him but, once Vikram got the bike he
raced forward. Vikas kicks his driver out and sits on the driver seat and says "I'll
do it myself!". Suddenly, the police starts to chase Vikram again. Vikram in frustra-
tion, changes the gear to reverse and reverse the car, on the police had reached
somewhat front, vikas pulls the hand brake and changes the gear, turns the vehicle
and goes. Vikas's car was a 4x4, he climbs over the divider and takes the opposite
lane and starts to chase, Vikram. Vikas says to himself "First I'll kill Vikram and
then deal with the police!". By this time, Vikas was long ahead of Vikram. Vikram fi-
nally finds Vikram, hits his bike and throws Vikram into Vikas's car. Takes him to
the old abandoned factory. Vikas grabs his gun, points at Vikram and says "Why? So
much chasing and all these things? I got tired". Vikram says "Shoot me!". Vikas says
"If you haven't planned something, then you wouldn't ask me to kill you!". Vikram
says "No! Nothing this time! Shoot me!". Vikas doubtful "Are you recording this with
a button camera? Your shirt's button is different from others!". Vikas tears open
Vikas's shirt and find the circuit connecting the camera. Vikram kicks Vikas and
Vikas falls down. Vikram gets up and says "You're done! Mr Vikas Shetty, Son of
Ravindra Shetty!". Vikas tries to shoot Vikram but he was out of bullets, since he
used them in shooting the police vehicle tyres. Vikram punches vikas. Vikas gets up
and kicks down Vikram and says "I don't need a weapon to destroy you!". Vikas contin-
uously punches Vikram. Vikram grabs a nearby metal rod and hits Vikas on his head.
Vikas calls down, Vikram calls and ambulance and is taken to hospital. One day before
elections,Vikram on News 3.42 Live "Not everything you get free is free. You get free
something here and loose something on the other side. This is the rule of the nature,
and this is what our democracy is about. People must understand their leader before
Understanding anything else!". Next day, elections take place smoothly. Vikas was in
coma. The election results are announced. Vikram on the news "UIA doesn't get any
seat in the state. It is quite usual for a new party. But it is unusual for a famous
person Mr Shetty standing in the elections. And in bangalore North constituency, NOTA
has played an important role and a re election will be held. This is Vikram signing
off for the day!".
One month after the elections
Vikas wakes up from coma and asks "Did we win the elections?". His wife Jennifer
replies "No! We lost in all the constituency we were standing in". Few days later,
Vikas asks his party members to come to the party office. Vikas walks to the flag and
removes it down and says "I am dissolving this party! We are not fit for ruling this
state or the country!". Vikram on News "Mr Shetty dissolves his party, removes the
flag. I have never seen such a good decision taken by any politician!". Vikas is sud-
denly shot with a gun in middle of this. Vikram says "This is going to be a problem".
Vikram turns off the live and gets into his car and goes to the party office. There,
people were running here and there, Vikram pushes the people and finds Vikas dead. He
looks at Jennifer and finds her unshaken, gun in her hands. Vikram asks Jennifer "Why
did you kill him?". Jennifer "I only want to live with people having power! Not
fools!". Vikram says "He is a changed man! Why are you like this now?". Jennifer says
"It's over! I am going back to Canada!". Vikram shouts "No! You will not! I have the
proof that you have killed vikas! And you will be arrested!". Vikram had the button
camera turned on. He sends it to the police. Police arrived at the scene and Jennifer
is taken to custody. Vikram later that day on Live "What is happening in Karnataka is
a Bloody Politics! And the Face of the Bloody Politics is 'The Shetty Family'!".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Clandestine.pdf ---

CLANDESTINE
Year 1996, New Delhi
Computers had entered into Indian markets. Emails had began to grow in India. One
could send an email to his son, brother, daughter, sister, wife, husband or friend
any family members who were somewhere around the world and could get an instant reply
or atleast a faster method of mailing. Pay to use computer shops had began and people
started making email ID's and joining into the new world of networking. Dev Singh aka
computer Dev aka Devji aged 37 was a early retired businessman who came from America
and kept a shop of pay to use computers in Delhi. He had most trust in his locality.
He had a son named Ethan aged 5. His wife had passed away due to some unknown ill-
ness. Dev had a book in which he had written everyone who created a email id and
their password as most of them either didn't know to use a computer or few had bad
memory. Even though few knew their password and Id Dev kept a record of it.
Year 2023, New Delhi
As India advances to become more network or internet dependent from cash to UPI,
shops to online websites all have come in the swipe of our hands. Before even start-
ing to operate a smartphone people are asked for their email id and password. Emails
have become more centric in using a phone. Linking all bank accounts to email id and
using the same email for UPI payments.
All emails in Delhi has been hacked. Including police officers control room id. UPI
linked with these accounts have deposited their full amount to an unknown bank ac-
counts all over India. All bank accounts in Delhi has deposited cash to multiple ac-
counts. Panic has hit the public and people have started filing FIR in all stations
across Delhi. More than 25 lakh people have lost their money and more than 10 lakh
people have lodged complaint for the same. Government hands over the case to the
Cyber Crime Division under CBI. Officer Ethan is given charge of the case. Ethan de-
cides to catch all the people who are involved in cyber crime who have hacked bank
servers. Ethan catches 4 people namely Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf. The hackers
Joseph, Xavier, Venkat, and Ashraf were initially arrested because they were sus-
pected of being involved in the cybercrime that led to the hacking of emails, UPI ac-
counts, and bank servers. They were used to work in this field except Venkat. They
were already once caught During a previous cyber crime. During interrogation Joseph
says "I do this kind of work but my computer only can hack about 2-3 bank accounts at
once. I cannot hack more than this and such a huge online robbery needs at least a
huge computer setup and an intelligent brain". Ethan replies to Joseph saying "You
are saying you are not intelligent enough (smiles). (Looks at another officer) send
him back". Xavier says "I have the same kind of computer Joseph just said about. But
my job is different. I usually hack people's email and send mails to other email ID's
asking for money. I need big computers because I mass send the emails to at most
reach". Venkat says " I am still learner in hacking. I don't have experience much to
handle so many people at once". Ashraf says "I usually hack international accounts.
This is out of my reach. Indian currency has less exchange but my dealings are in us
dollars". After hearing all these, Ethan goes to the director of CBI and says "Sir,
this case is not going anywhere. People's cash has gone. There is no way to get it
back. Without proper information and proof whom can we take to custody?". Director
Mohan Sharma says "I know it is a difficult job but understand the seriousness of
this case. Even the police control room's email id was hacked". Mohan's eyes turns
towards the TV where news was running. It said "People have started a riot in the
streets of Delhi. People demand their cash back and are asking the government to re-
fund the tax they have levied from the people for so many years and giving no bene-
fits from it". Mohan says to Ethan "Now do you understand why I am giving you outmost
pressure is because of this. Now politicians will start calling us and we have to get
ready with answers. That's why you must find the culprits". Ethan walks out of the
CBI headquarters when people start throwing stones at him asking for giving back
their money which was taken. The misconceptions rose to peak level. Ethan asked offi-
cials to always keep an eye on Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf. Ethan gets in his
car and drives towards Legislative assembly of Delhi. Ethan meets the CM Ahmed. Ethan
says to Ahmed "Sir, I am Ethan Singh from Cyber Crime Division, CBI. People in the
state have started riots and are demanding tax returns. We are trying to keep the
public under control though we can't for longer time. We must have to do something
immediately". Ahmed replies "I know that this is an high stake issue in Delhi. That
is why I called RBI immediately as soon as the online robbery news reached me. RBI
said that even their Accounts has been hacked. Now only cash could be transferred in
cash until this situation comes under control. Nowadays, Even beggars have UPI. Even
they don't have much Currency in circulation. Though, RBI could trace only 4 bank ac-
counts that has been registered in Delhi and online payments have been working. And
the names are ( grabs a paper) , Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf. I guess you could
get more information if you trace them". Ethan replies "I already have them on cus-
tody". Ethan runs and gets into his car and leaves back to CBI headquarters. Ethan
reaches the headquarters. They 4 were still at the HQ. Ethan goes in front of them
and says "You 4 cannot do a robbery alone because you already told me those con-
straints. Though you 4 can do this together because there you don't have a con-
straint". Venkat says "I really don't understand what you are saying!. We have been
here for one whole day without food or anything to drink and you are suspecting us 4
to do the crime together?". Ethan says "It is obvious and look at this sheet from RBI
who keeps a record of each and every transaction till date made online. Only you 4
people's accounts have used for online payment after the bank accounts were hacked.
You are talking about food and water for today, many people are starving after their
accounts were hacked and many are going to starve more. Their hard earned money has
gone!". Xavier says "Ok I agree what doubt you have. We 4 are friends. But when the
incident had happened, we were in Lucknow. We had gone for a trip. Venkat is learning
from us 3. We are going to start a company soon". Ashraf breaks in and says "The on-
line payments you saw were done after reaching delhi. At the borders of Delhi. And
for your confirmation we still have our money!". Ethan was not convinced completely.
He asks the CBI officials to check whether what they were telling us actually true.
And infact it was. They were in Lucknow when the incident had occurred. Ethan asks
them "What is going to be the name of your company?". Joseph says "Delhi and Co.".
Ethan asks them to leave. There was a shower of stones being thrown at the CBI head-
quarters and legislative assembly". Ahmed immediately arranges a press meet. Ahmed
says "I request you to stop the riot as the delhi government has decided to do tax
return for the public depending on how much tax they have paid. If taxes have not
been filed by a person, they would not be benefited from this scheme. This scheme
will be implemented within 2 days. The respective bank will be sending sms on date
and time slot to collect the amount. Payment of taxes will be waved for a period
which will be intimated later. If no message has been sent they can enquire the re-
spective bank for further queries". Ethan looks at the press meet in TV and says
"Will people actually benefit from this. Many of the tax we pay just go to the pock-
ets of people like Ahmed. Ahmed himself is coming and saying that he is waving the
tax doesn't seem right". Dev Singh right next to him "He just wants people's vote in
the next election after that again these taxes will go to his own pocket. He has con-
nections directly with the RBI". Ethan says "Who would be that hacker who is taking
revenge against this politician who has another face which many have not seen?". Dev
says "It is your job son. It will be interesting to hear you say your crime stories
to me later"
[Interval]
Ahmed calls Mohan and says "I want the culprits to be caught before the scheme
starts. We are out of funds. We need immediate arrest of the culprits and return
their money back to people. consider it pressure or whatever. I want the culprits im-
mediately". Mohan calls and tells Ethan what Ahmed had told him and come to HQ imme-
diately. Ethan gets in his car and sees that the petrol was over. He didn't have cash
too. Devji comes out of his house from his garage he takes Ethan's old cycle. Ethan
takes the cycle and rides it till HQ. Ethan enters the HQ to see all staring at
Ethan. Ethan goes to Mohan and asks "What happened sir?, why are everyone staring at
me?". Mohan replies "CM is dead. I wanted to let you know that we had got a video ba-
sically cryptic stating that CM is going to die. He had a black mask on. Video
glitched. Why were you late". ( Ethan looks at the video) Ethan replies "My car was
out of fuel. I had no cash to refuel and hence, took my old cycle and came to HQ
which is 12km from my home. We can try tracing the sender's address". Mohan says "we
already tried that. No results". Ethan goes to the place where Ahmed was killed.
Ahmed was shot on head by the same guy in the video. Now not only the CBI but also
the police were under the pressure. Next day, Atm's cash was missing. Banks were
robbed overnight. Ethan understood that this is not a play of 4 people or 10 people.
Atleast a gang of 50 should have robbed the banks. While he was with the police at
the bank during investigation, he sees Venkat and Ashraf going down the street. Ethan
silently follows them. They reach at a small door near which Joseph and Xavier were
standing. They enter inside. Ethan silently slide into the room to see tha cash
robbed from the banks. Ethan shouts "I didn't expect this from you guys". Venkat says
"We have a Boss. Look there ( points towards devji)". Dev walks towards Ethan and
says "I want the tax repayment to happen to all. People's hard earned money going to
waste and politicians pocket is not good. No development in many places. We pay even
taxes for a small 10 rupee packet of juice to our 10-20 lakh salary. What we get in
return is nothing. Let them get the tax amount back and we shall give them back the
money. And about this cash from bank robbery, it is to increase the intensity and de-
crease the waiting period for tax returns". Ethan says "If we return now also, it is
possible to get the tax money dad!". Dev says "It is the misconceptions you have on
the political system. Once you give the cash back, not politicians even banks won't
look at your face to do tax repayment". Ethan says "This is wrong!". Dev says "You
learnt to be an ethical hacker but later changed paths to Cyber Crime Division of
CBI. I have people's email id and password with their trust. I had to break the
trust". Police slams opens the door of that room. They see Dev and Ethan along with
Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf standing next to the piles of cash robbed from the
banks.
How police had come
When Ethan goes behind Venkat and Ashraf, A police was following him the whole time.
He recorded Dev and Ethan's conversation. Now, police asks to surrender. Dev looks at
Ethan and says "I have currently no idea to go to Jail". Dev whistles. Joseph drops a
sack of powder on the police. Police vision was blurred. They leave the cash there
and go to refugee. Next day all over news "The hackers responsible for Delhi's most
biggest cyber crime Ethan, the head of cyber crime division of CBI had his father
Dev, ex-businessman along with 4 hackers named Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf with
the money robbed from banks. They have gone for hideout and police is on their
search". People start rioting for the scheme to be started faster as the economy was
coming down. In social media "#Bringbackjusticetogovernment after hearing the conver-
sation between Dev and Ethan, Dev was right. We need tax repayment back to us" this
statement goes viral. People start showing support to Dev. The deputy CM announces
the tax return scheme to begin in two days. Dev makes a video saying "World is devel-
oping faster. Technology is developing day by day. But Indian political system is not
evolving. It must evolve from a corrupt community to an organisation working for the
people not for their benefit. Yes! You heard it right! Government is a corrupt commu-
nity!. We have set an example using Ahmed, Chief minister of Delhi. Use the tax we
pay properly!. Develop India!. Government is not politics. Politicians make politics.
Before this goes to massacre, start the process! ( starts laughing) I didn't hack the
Bank accounts. And you don't have to search for me anywhere because I didn't do any
crime except the ATM robbery. And I have already given it back without even taking a
single rupee. You can check. I am in my home waiting for the police!". After seeing
this the public starts showing support. People gather together asking the police and
CBI to not arrest Dev as he was innocent. Ethan asks the CBI to raid his house and
catch Dev. Gets in the CBI car and reaches his house. Ethan takes a gun and enters
his house and asks the others to wait out side. Ethan walks to the living room where
Dev was sitting on the chair. Ethan closes the curtains and points gun at Dev.
Joseph, Xavier, Venkat and Ashraf walk inside the Living room to see Ethan pointing
gun at Dev. Dev looks at them and shoots all the bullets in the gun up, left, right,
down and rest randomly. CBI outside were in panic. Ethan looks at Dev, laughs and
says "What an acting! What an acting! What a plan. Today is the last day the tax re-
turns will be given. Start the redistribution of the money to all bank accounts
Joseph and team!". Joseph says "yes sir!". Ethan says "The CBI are only at the front
door. You guys leave from the back door jump the wall. I have kept cars ready". Dev ,
Joseph and team get in the car and leave. Ethan opens a gas cylinder. Ethan comes out
and asks the CBI to move back in hurry. The gas leaks and when it hits the flame of
the lighter, the gas cylinder blasts. Ethan's house is completely destroyed.
Everybody's phones start pinging. All had got their money back.
2 days later
Mohan says to Ethan "Ethan why are you leaving the CBI? The CBI needs you". Ethan
replies "My father is after all a robber, keeping this in mind, i can't continue and
it is not right even though he is dead now. I could not even complete my mission
properly. It is not right if i continue here". Ethan takes his resignation letter and
leaves. A CBI officer comes to mohan and says "SIR! who would be that hacker?". Mohan
replies saying "Whose ever plan it was, I hope it was not Ethan's plan". The officer
staying in confusion while mohan laughs and walks towards his cabin. Ethan drives to-
wards Ooty. In Ooty, his father Dev had disguised as a tea seller and opened a new
cafe or so called tea stall. Ethan enters Dev's house. Ashraf asks "I understand the
Bank account hacking and the plans made by you, Ethan. You were too great at acting.
Son is a greater Hacker who lead our team, and Father a great actor. But why was
Ahmed killed?". 4 years back, Ethan's wife worked under the Income tax Department.
Ahmed had many pending taxations. When she approached Ahmed, he threatened her and
eventually killed her. Since then he made a solid plan along with Joseph to finish
the game of Ahmed and bring back people's money back to them. When Dev got to know
about Ethan's plan he eventually joined them and finished the mission. After the ATM
robbery, Ethan knowingly brought the police behind him and create a drama using Dev
and increase suspicion on Dev rather tha Ethan. Ethan was the master mind, MegaMind
of the whole mission and the hackers and his dad Dev were just the puppets of his. He
asked the four hackers to go to Lucknow to avoid suspicious activity and their ac-
counts to be safe. In Lucknow the hacking in Delhi took place while Ethan was
Coordinating them around staying in Delhi using a laptop where the hackers made ap-
plication for voice call such that no call records are generated.
Few months later
Mohan arrives at Ooty for a family function when he sees Dev, Joseph, Xavier, Venkat
and Ashraf in the tea stall. Mohan understood they were a team. A man comes to take
Mohan's order. When mohan looks closely at the waiter, it was none other than, Ethan.
Mohan looks at Ethan and smiles. Mohan says "So, Ethan How is you new business?".
Ethan says "Nothing Going good sir, why are you here sir?". Mohan's and the rest of
the people in the tea stall's phone starts pinging. When they look at their phone,
their bank accounts had been hacked and their balance was gone. Mohan looks at Ethan.
Ethan says "Can we start this from first?". Mohan keeps his phone in his pocket and
says "Let the investigation begin again". Mohan looks at Ethan and winks.
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Fortitude.pdf ---

Fortitude
Present Day, Bangalore
A Car being driven at high speed, looses control, hits the divider and crashes.
Ambulance Arrives, a female and Male is identified in the car and is taken to hospi-
tal. The police checks the car and it was owned by the female named Gayathri aged 26
and a wallet of the man named Ravi, aged 26 and a driving License of a man named Jay,
aged 28.
Few days ago
Ravi waits at a petrol bunk filling petrol in his bike. Suddenly a car pulls over and
a man shouts "Hey Ravi! How are you man?". Ravi replies "David! How are you?". After
filling the petrol, they go to a tea stall to speak. David asks "How is your school
time crush Gayathri?". Ravi replies "She is fine. She and I work at IBM!". David asks
"Didn't you propose her yet?". Ravi replies "She is a really good friend of mine! I
cannot express that to her!". David pats Ravi, due to a meeting David leaves. Ravi
goes to his office, Gayathri was sitting in front of her laptop. Ravi sits beside
her. Gayathri asks "Why were you late?". Ravi says "I met David, our classmate. We
stopped for a tea and dispersed!". Gayathri asks Ravi "I gave my car for service, you
have to drop me home after our shift". On their way back, they have dinner speak for
sometime about their work. Ravi drops Gayathri, before entering into her home,
Gayathri says "I want to say you something. I always share you everything and I don't
want to keep it a secret. I'll say you someday later!". Ravi shouts "Yay!!". Gayathri
is shocked and asks "You won a bet in my name?". Ravi says "No!". Gayathri asks "Then
why are you yelling?". Ravi manages the situation and goes back home. He is unable to
sleep that night thinking ways in which Gayathri will propose him. Next day, Gayathri
asks Ravi to take her to Cubbon Park. Gayathri walks in front of Ravi checking her
bag. Ravi thinks she is going to take out a ring to propose him. Suddenly Gayathri
takes out her phone and makes a phone call. Ravi day dreaming walks behind her.
Suddenly, Gayathri turns towards Ravi, Ravi stops and looks at her. Gayathri says "I
told you I wanted to say something, This is Jay!". Jay walks towards them and shakes
hands with Ravi. Gayathri says "I am dating him and some how, we are trying to con-
vince our parents. Can you help me?". Ravi is shocked, he sits on a bench, Gayathri
gives him some water, he drinks it and looks at Gayathri. Suddenly a man with a gun
shoots at them. Gayathri and Ravi move back and hide behind the bench. Jay pulls out
a gun from his back and shoots the goon. Ravi asks "Is he a police officer?".
Gayathri says "No! He is a gangster's son!". Ravi starts to sweat, he thinks to him-
self "If I don't help them, death confirm!". A man jumps at Jay to punch him. Jay
grabs his hand pulls out a knife from his pocket and stabs it onto the man's chest.
Jay says "It's all clear, come out guys!". Jay wipes the blood from the knife of
Ravi's shirt rudely says "We will go to Gayathri's home after watching a movie. You
have 3 hours to convince her parents!". Gayathri says "Give him some time!". Ravi
scared nods saying yes. Jay suddenly smiles and says "No need! He will convince them
within 3 hours!". Gayathri and Jay leave for a movie, Ravi takes his bike and leaves
to Gayathri's house. On his way he remembers.
15 years ago
David and Ravi sit beside eachother for the first day of their 6th standard class.
Gayathri was a new joinee and sits in front of Ravi and David. That afternoon, while
leaving back home, Ravi says to David "Bro, I guess I have a crush on Gayathri!".
David says "Then you should say her!". Ravi says "It's not the right age. I'll be
with her till my death!". Ravi tries to propose her many time, but couldn't say it to
her.
Few hours Before the Accident
Ravi reaches Gayathri's home. Chandran, Gayathri's father and Mother Rukmini Ask Ravi
to sit. Ravi says "I want to tell you something important!". Chandran says "No! No!
You need not say! I know you would have proposed to Gayathri, from many years I knew
you both were dating and Now you want to get married!". Ravi stops Chandran annoyed
and says "No Uncle! I'm not dating Gayathri, She is Dating Jay, Jay Prakash!".
Rukmini drops the plate she was taking and coming coffe for Ravi. Chandran asks "Jay
Prakash, Son of Prakash, that don?". Ravi nods saying yes. Chandran says "I cannot
give my daughter to a stranger and that too, son of a don!". Rukmini comes and says
"Would you give your sister, if you would have had one?". Ravi says "Jay saved my and
Gayathri's life after some Goons shot at us! He is a very good guy! Trust me!".
Chandran says "Many goons will be behind him, what if something happens to my daugh-
ter? He is not superman to save her all the time!". Ravi says "If he doesn't arrive,
I'll arrive for my friend! Just trust me!". After sometime Gayathri and Jay reach
home and comes inside. Gayathri opens the door, seeing everyone sitting seriously on
the sofa. Jay enters inside along with Gayathri keeping his hand on her shoulder.
Gayathri immediately push it out. Chandran asks "In front of how many people do you
want marriage?". Gayathri says "Around 500-1000 people!". Rukmini asks "How many peo-
ple do you want to complete your engagement?". Gayathri says "Me, Jay, Dad, Mom and
Ravi!". Ravi looks at her and shows a thumbs up and says quietly "Done!". Chandran
gets up and says "This bastard doesn't let me be serious also" and starts laughing.
Chandran asks Ravi to give their engagement rings as they exchange and complete their
engagement within their home. Chandran asks Ravi to take Gayathri's car and speak
with Prakash. Ravi sits on the driver seat and Gayathri arrives and says "I'll
drive!". Ravi gets out, he knew Only Gayathri drew her car and she didn't allow any-
one else. Jay says he'll drive but Gayathri was adamant. Jay meets Prakash and speaks
with him regarding this. Once again, in front of Prakash they exchange their rings.
One of the gang member goes near Ravi and asks "You're her bestie? If you are then.."
and shows a knife. Ravi says "No! I'm her childhood friend".
Present day
Jay and Gayathri bid goodbye to Prakash and get into their car. It had become dark.
On their way Jay says to Ravi and Gayathri "Shall we go to a fancy restaurant or
club?". Ravi says "You both enjoy, drop me in the side of the road, I'll take an
auto!". Gayathri stops in the side, Ravi gets out. Jay and Gayathri start moving.
Ravi checks his pocket and remembers he kept his wallet in the car. The car hadn't
gone far. Suddenly a shooting sound is heard. Ravi turns, the bullet hits the car
tyre and it tumbles. Ravi shouts "No!" And runs towards the car. Few people we're ap-
proaching the car with guns, but when the find Ravi running towards the car, they
move back. Ravi reaches the car and tries to open the door, but it was jammed. Tears
start dripping from his face. Ravi calls the ambulance. Ravi removes his shoe, which
was a boot and had a hard tip. He hits the glass window continuously. After continu-
ous try, the window breaks and Ravi opens the door and takes out Gayathri and Jay.
Jay in subconscious says "I don't know to cry or plead. But, Don't say Gayathri was
driving! Say it was me!". The ambulance arrives and they are taken to the hospital.
The police finds Jay's driving license, Car in the name of Gayathri and Ravi's wal-
let. Ravi says what all had happend and to save Gayathri says "After they left me
here, Jay sat in the driver seat and suddenly, someone shot the tyre and approached
the car with a gun but, when they saw me the went back!". Ravi then calls Chandran,
Rukmini and Prakash to the hospital. Prakash arrives at the hospital and asks Ravi
what had happened, after listening about the gun shot and people. Prakash says to
Ravi "It must be the work of my rival Aditya Shekhar!". Prakash calls his men and or-
ders them to find Aditya and kill his men who are responsible for the accident. The
doctor comes out and says "The Patient Named Jay is fine, but the girl, Gayathri has
a glas shard in her kidney which has caused infections. We need to find a kidney
donor immediately!". Chandran says "you can check mine, but I have drank some alco-
hol!". Rukmini didn't speak anything, Chandran goes to speak with her about donating
her kidney, but Ravi goes to the doctor and asks to check if his kidney would work.
Tests are done and Ravi's kidney was perfect for Gayathri. The doctor prepares for
the procedure and asks Ravi to sign the sheet. Ravi signs it and is taken to the op-
eration room. Ravi's kidneys are surgically removed and placed in Gayathri.
[Interval]
Few days later
Gayathri couldn't walk after the accident. Gayathri asks Rukmini "what happened to
me, why are there stitches on my back?". Rukmini says "Your kidney was trans-
planted!". Gayathri asks "Whose kidney? Dad's?". Rukmini says "No! It was Ravi!".
Gayathri insists on meeting Ravi. Ravi was sleeping in his ward at the hospital.
Rukmini and Chandran request the doctor to make Gayathri meet Ravi and arrange for a
wheelchair. Gayathri meets Ravi, Ravi slowly gets up and asks "How are you?". Jay
didn't have much impact and survived with a scar and a small fracture on his collar
bone. Jay comes to the ward and says to Ravi "If you wouldn't have been there at that
time, I don't know if Gayathri and me were Alive!". Ravi says "I and Gayathri know
eachother for 15 years, studied together and work together! She's my best friend! If
I wouldn't save her, who else will?". Jay hugs Ravi, Ravi moves forward, Gayathri too
joins but just keeps her hand on their back. After a week, they are discharged. The
police finds out that the attack was infact done by Aditya Shekhar and Gang. The po-
lice go to prakash's house to say Jay about the culprit. When the polic says about
Aditya, Jay says "We don't have any case against anyone!". The police agree and leave
back. Jay goes to enter his car when Prakash asks "Where are you going?". Jay says
"I'm going to kill Aditya!". Prakash says "Go and come son! Any legal issue, I'll
deal it for you!". Meanwhile, Ravi gets to know about Aditya Shekhar. Aditya Shekhar
gets to know that Jay has got to know he was behind the accident and takes some of
his men with him to kill Gayathri. Ravi follows Aditya, and is shocked to see them go
to Gayathri's house. Ravi puts his bike aside and jumps the compound wall and enters
into Gayathri's house. He asks Gayathri, Chandran and Rukmini to stay inside a room
and locks it from outside. Aditya knocks the door, Ravi slowly opens the door. It's
starts to rain outside heavily with thunder. Aditya's men take out their guns. One of
them in the front points the gun at Ravi. Ravi kicks him, grabs the gun and randomly
shoots at the men killing a few until the bullets get over. Aditya hides behind the
sofa. A man takes a knife and throws it at Ravi. Ravi dodges it and it gets stuck on
the wall. Ravi takes out the knife and runs towards the men. He randomly starts mov-
ing his hand stabbing many of the people. A man with a rusted knife stabs Ravi.
Aditya takes out his gun and points at Ravi. Aditya says "Keep the knife down and sit
on your knees!". Ravi sits on his knees, takes out a gun from the body at shoots at
Aditya's hand. He shoots as many as people possible and walks to Aditya and says
"Your Rivalry is Between Prakash and not his son or his son's fiancee! You kill
prakash! I don't care! If anything happens to anyone else, your one hand is gone,
your whole head will blast and shatter next time! Understood?". Aditya nods saying
yes. Before Aditya left the house, Ravi shouts "Take your men's body and clean the
house!". Aditya orders few of his men who were slightly injures from the knife to
take the bodies and clean the room. Once they had cleaned it, Ravi opens the door
letting out Gayathri and family. Jay goes to Aditya's place. Aditya with a bandage on
his hands walks towards Jay. Jay asks "I know you are the person who caused the acci-
dent! But what happened to your hand?". Aditya says "I'm sorry for the accident, I
won't come for you again! I'll only deal with your father from now on!". Jay was
amused with what Aditya said and asks "Why a sudden mind change?". Jay says what hap-
pened to him when he had gone to Gayathri's house. Jay says "He is truly a good guy,
that's why you are alive!". Jay tries to find who was the man who beat them up, at
first he thought it might be Ravi, but he also remembered that he hid behind the
bench during the shootout in Cubbon Park. A few days later, Ravi goes to a doctor af-
ter the man had stabbed him with a rusted knife. The doctor says "Your kidney is not
growing back again. Infections have been formed near the place we took out your kid-
ney from!". Ravi says "Is this serious doctor?". The doctor says "50-50 we cannot as-
sure you! We can try medications to reduce it. If it doesn't work, you have a very
less time to live if the infections pass over to your internal organs. If we try to
surgically remove it again, your death is sure!". The doctor prescribes Ravi few
medicines to reduce the infection. Gayathri kept trying to walk, slowly she starts to
walk with a stick. A month later, Gayathri starts to walk and run, bringing her life
back to normalcy. Prakash comes to Gayathri's house. Prakash says to Chandran "Let's
keep their marriage next month!". Chandran agrees and fix the marriage. Meanwhile,
Aditya plans to kill Prakash in the coming days. Gayathri calls Ravi and says happily
"Because of you, My marriage is fixed! Next month! I'm inviting you as the first per-
son!". During this call, Ravi was at the hospital. Ravi says "Sure! I'll be there!".
After cutting the call, the doctor says "The medicines are not reacting, you have
very less time to live!". Ravi says "I just want to live one more month, see my
friend Gayathri's marriage!".
Full-fledged Invitations start. Gayathri asks Ravi to call all of their school and
college mates for her marriage. Ravi goes to David's home to call him. David thinks
he is the groom and asks "When did you propose her?". Ravi says "I didn't, Gayathri
is marrying Prakash's son Jay!". David says "Don't you have any feelings about it?".
Ravi says "She is my best friend dude!". Suddenly Ravi vomits blood, David takes his
phone to call an ambulance but is stopped by Ravi. Ravi says the condition he is hav-
ing. David asks "Does Gayathri know about your condition?". Ravi says "No! I have a
very few days to live! I just want to stay until her marriage!". David asks "How are
you living with this pain?". Ravi asks "The kidney one or Gayathri one?". David says
Gayathri one. Ravi says "My life was just to matchmake them I guess!".
Marriage Day
Everyone arrive at the marriage. Jay goes knot on Gayathri. David also comes with his
family and their batch take photos of them in their marriage. Aditya, alone arrives
at the marriage. He takes out a gun and shoots Prakash. Jay removes the garland from
his neck and runs to Prakash. The bullet had hit Prakash's arm. Jay gets angry and
removes the buttons of his tuxedo to beat Aditya. Ravi stops him and says "It's your
marriage!". Ravi says to Aditya "I guess, What I told you didn't come to your hearing
properly!". Aditya shoots at Ravi, but Ravi takes a cover under a sofa. Ravi jumps
and punches Aditya. Aditya shouts in pain and kicks Ravi. Ravi falls down, Prakash's
men arrive with guns. Ravi runs and grabs a gun from the men and shoots Aditya point-
blank. A doctor who was attending the party, remove the bullet from Prakash's hand
and bandages it. Ravi goes to the alcohol section and starts drinking continuously.
Fully drunk, Ravi starts to dance. Between the Dance, Ravi vomits blood and falls
down. The doctor checks his pulse and finds out, Ravi was dead. Jay runs upto Ravi
and shouts "Brother wake up! Wake up!". David says to Gayathri "After that accident,
he had an infection the kidney site. The doctor told he is going to live only for a
few days!". Tears start dripping from her face. Gayathri says to David "We share ev-
erything! Why didn't he tell me this!". David says "What do you know about him?".
Gayathri is wakes up. David says "He beat up few guys in the school time who made fun
of you! Do you know that?". Gayathri says "He told me, David- you beat them up!".
David says "No! He always had a crush on you and never could propose to you! More
than the infection, your marriage hurt him!". Gayathri starts to cry, hugs Ravi. Jay
says "He must have actually married you, He threatened Aditya that day and today he
fought alone for you!". Tears start to drip from his eyes too. Prakash was shocked,
he had never seen Jay cry after a certain age. Chandran says "The day he told, you
both were dating, we always wanted Ravi to be your groom. But he told, Even if Jay is
a don's son, he is great from heart!". Everyone in the marriage mourn at Ravi.
Few Years later
Jay and Gayathri are living a happy life. They have a son named Ajay. Ajay asks Jay
"Dad, Who is that in the photo?", pointing at Ravi's photo hanging on their living
room wall. Jay says "It's your mom's friend. If he wasn't there me and your mom
weren't alive today and you wouldn't have born too!". Gayathri burns a lamp in front
of his photo showing they will remember him forever.
The End
Written By Nivedh Sunil


--- Gone wrong kalyanam.pdf ---

GONE WRONG KALYANAM
Chethan Raj, a 27 year old software engineer at IBM in Bangalore, stands tall at 6
feet. He is the son of Raj and Reema. In the same city, Priya Mohan, a 24 year old
professional working at HP, stands at an impressive 5 feet 9 inches. She is the
daughter of Mohan and Meena. Chethan and Priya met two years ago on a flight to
Mumbai. Coincidentally, they stayed at the same hotel. Both had meetings at the HP
office in Mumbai. Chethan was there for taking in HP computers as their client hard-
ware for IBM, and Priya was there to discuss transferring technical operations to
Bangalore. While leaving to Bangalore, both were in the same flight sitting beside
eachother. After Landing in Bangalore, both exchanged their numbers as their Love
Blossomed. Current Day, Chethan messaging Priya "My Parents are looking for a bride
for me. I can't tell them I have a girlfriend, they are Old people with old mental-
ity". Priya replies "Same here, They have started looking for a groom for me too!".
Chethan comes up with an Idea "We will do one thing, we both will make a profile in a
matrimony app and make this as an arranged marriage. We can add similar personalities
and it will match us directly!". Priya agrees to this Idea. Chethan Finally replies
"I Love You!". Next day both make a profile in matrimony app. Chethan and Priya dis-
cuss and add similar personality traits. Priya's and Chethan's parents feel happy for
them to take their marriage initiative by themselves. Both the parents stumble upon
eachother's profile. Chethan and Priya are matched and have planned for initial meet-
ing in 2 days. Chethan had a younger brother named Shiva Raj, aged 21. Chethan was
speaking to Priya midnight when Shiva enters into Chethan's room. Chethan shouts
"What are you doing in my room this midnight?". Shiva replies "I was going to Drink
water when I heard noises from your room, that's why I came in to check". Chethan
replies angrily "Ok, now get out!". Shiva replies "You're speaking with a girl is
it?". Chethan replies "It's none of your business!". Shiva laughs closes the door and
leaves. Chethan tells Priya about his brother Shiva "He is a good boy, but sometimes
he a snitch!". Priya laughs and replies "I have told my sister about our matter and
she is full support". Priya's younger sister's name was Riya Mohan, aged 18. Priya
continues "Infact Riya is sleeping next to me listening to our conversation". Chethan
replies "If I tell my brother about this matter, the whole world would have got to
know about this in 2 days. Anyways we will meet in two days, see ya and Goodnight!".
Chethan cuts the call and sleeps dreaming about the meeting with Priya. Next day
morning, Raj comes into Chethan's room. Chethan was quite asleep when Raj wakes him
up and says "We have found a match for you, yesterday we forgot to tell you. Tomorrow
we are going to meet the girl". Chethan replies "Ok! Now let me sleep, I hardly get
two days for holiday. By the way, when are we going tomorrow?". Reema enters into the
room and says "Around 11am, take have a tea and wake up". Chethan wakes up, takes a
bath and takes keys of his Bike and leaves out. On his way, he picks Priya and go to
a shopping mall. On their way back home, they are stuck in a traffic. Priya looks to
a car waiting for the signal next to them. Inside the car was Mohan and Meena,
Priya's parents. Priya and Chethan were wearing helmet. Priya informs Chethan that
her parents are in the car beside them. Chethan asks Priya to get down from the bike
and walk for a distance. Chethan would come and pick her up after the signal from
there. After the signal started, chethan picks Priya and decide to go through the
longer route to home. On their way, they stop at another signal. Beside them was an
auto inside which Shiva was with a girl. Chethan informs this to Priya. Priya looks
inside the auto and finds out that the girl was Priya's sister Riya. Priya tells
slowly to Chethan "Your brother is with my sister!". Chethan head started turning. He
opens his helmet and looks onto Shiva's face. Shiva was speaking with Riya when he
suddenly looked at Chethan. As he saw, he started to sweat. Riya asks "Why are you
sweating so much?". Shiva replies "Look back, he is my brother!". Riya looks back and
finds Priya sitting behind her and replies to Shiva "The girl sitting behind him is
my sister!". Shiva pays the auto driver and comes out of the Auto. Chethan stops his
bike in the side and four of them Priya, Chethan, Riya and Shiva stood on the foot-
path. Chethan asks Shiva Tauntingly "You started so early?". Shiva replies "We both
study in the same engineering College!". Priya asks Riya "You could have told me
about this, when I told you about mine!". Riya replies "We are just Dating since a
year!". Chethan looks at Shiva and asks "A year!". Shiva replies "You're speaking
about me, what about you, you have arranged a meeting with a girl tomorrow and you
don't have shame agreeing for that?". Priya tells to Shiva "Brother, I am that girl,
we are dating for 2 years!". Shiva laughs from inside and replies "2 years brother?".
Chethan tells to everyone "Let's end the discussion now! And Shiva, you better don't
tell anyone about this!". Shiva agrees and tells to Riya and Priya "Well we'll meet
tomorrow! Bye!". Priya and Riya Catch an auto whereas Chethan Takes Shiva home in his
bike. When chethan and Shiva reach home Raj sitting outside asks "When did you both
brothers become so close? Chethan started picking his brother from college?". To
which chethan replies "No dad, I saw him on my way back and picked him up, why waste
money on auto?". Raj replies "Auto cost is less than petrol cost. Don't forget
that!". When Priya and Riya reach home Meena asks "Riya did you cut class and go to
mall with your sister?". Riya replies "No mom! She called me and said she will pick
me from college and picked up me later". Priya and Riya go to their room.
Next Day, Chethan and his family arrive at Priya's home for the initial meeting.
Mohan starts to boast about his daughter. Raj starts to boast about his son even
more. They start telling about each other's higher designations and offers for going
abroad. Finally Meena tells "Let the Boy and Girl go talk alone". Suddenly Riya and
Shiva stand up. They forgot they were talking about Priya and Chethan. Reema asks
"Why are you both standing?". Shiva replies "I wanted to get some water". Riya tells
"I was going to get him water". Reema replies to both "When did you ask for water
Shiva?". Shiva doesn't replies and they both sit down with shyness. Priya and Chethan
go inside a room. Priya tells to chethan "Your plan worked!". Chethan replies "I
don't know why our parents are boasting about us so much!". Priya agrees and tells
"Now they will ask us about our decision and we have to agree before which they have
to agree!". Both come out of the room. Reema says "We will let you know our decision
through phone". Chethan and family leave out. Shiva looks at Riya and shows his hand
in sign language to call him later. On their way back home Chethan asks Raj "Dad, why
did you boast about me so much?". Raj replies "If you want a bride, you must boast
about the groom!". Reema says "Same way you married me by boasting and didn't have
anything". Shiva and Chethan bust into laughter listening to this. Reema continues
"You saw how the bride's dad was boasting about her?, anyway Chethan it's your deci-
sion. Did you like the girl?". Chethan replies "The girl is very practical and her
taste and my taste matches, so I'm ok with her!". Raj takes his phone out and calls
to Mohan and says "Chethan has agreed for this alliance, so we can proceed for futher
things and plan for an engagement soon!". Mohan replies "Even the girl has agreed, we
will consult a pundit and provide you with a date!". Raj agrees and cuts the call.
Reema asks "You called and formed an alliance so soon!". Raj replies "You should not
take much time for such things!". After reaching home Raj forwards Chethan Priya's
phone number sent by Mohan. Raj tells chethan "I didn't like her dad though". Chethan
replies "Am I marrying the girl or her dad?". That night, Chethan on phone call with
Priya "So, when will they be fixing the marriage?". Priya replies "Soon I believe
within 6 months from now and marriage within 1 year from now!". Chethan tells "I'll
meet you tomorrow in office, as a formal visit. My parents asked me to meet you at
office". Priya replies "Sure, tomorrow I have a meeting, come after 2pm". Chethan
agrees and cuts the call. Meanwhile, Shiva in his room was speaking with Riya "When
will our marriage be fixed?". Riya replies "I'll only marry after I become 21, you
have to wait until then". Shiva replies " I want time to pass really fast!". Riya
replies "When you go fast, we need to be cautious. It's better to go slow!".
[Interval]
Chethan arrives at Priya's office and talks with her colleagues. Priya had told her
colleagues it was an arranged marriage, to avoid any confusion during the marriage
and engagement. All of them have a casual talk and leave. Chethan picks Priya in his
bike and plan going for a movie. The theater was housefull. Chethan pays close atten-
tion in front of him, it was Reema and Raj who came to watch the movie. During the
intermission, Reema finds Chethan sitting behind them with Priya. Reema tells "You
both came for watching a movie?". Priya replies "Yes Aunty, we thought it would be
better for knowing eachother well!". Reema smiles and leaves. Chethan tells to Priya
"You know to handle stuff very well!". Chethan and Priya's engagement is fixed ex-
actly six months from the meeting. The date of meeting was 22nd May and the
Engagement was fixed on 22nd November. Chethan applies for a loan for marriage and
starts to invite his friends and family for the next 5 months. 1 month before the
Engagement, Chethan and Priya's family go for buying jewellery and Clothes for en-
gagement. In the jewellery shop, Shiva takes a necklace and show it to Riya. Riya
nods her head agreeing to buy the necklace. Priya and Chethan's shopping takes place
in full pace. Reema takes a red saree for the bride for the engagement day, for which
contradicting Meena buys a Green Saree. Contradicting eachother, both families were
unable to finalize the final saree for engagement. Chethan comes to intervene and
takes a Peacock blue saree and finalized it, to which Reema and Meena agree.
Meanwhile, in the men's section Raj and Mohan were having contradicting opinions in
buying shirts. So, Priya coincidentally buys the same Peacock blue shirt. Finally
while billing such large quantities, Shiva slide the necklace he chose for Riya
slowly to the billing counter and the necklace was billed. Shiva then hands over the
necklace to Riya. On the engagement day, Priya and Chethan were busy for photoshoot.
One of the Relative's kid takes Priya's phone, unlocks it. Takes screen shot of their
chats and looks at the share button and shouts "Triangle!". Takes the screenshot and
uploads it as Priya's whatsapp status. After the photoshoot was over, Shiva went to
make arrangements for food along with Chethan. People were looking at chethan and
laughing. Chethan was amused at people's reactions and asks Shiva "Is there anything
odd in my clothes?". Shiva replies "No! Then why are they laughing looking at you?".
Shiva walks to one of his friend laughing and asks "Why are you guys laughing?". His
friend show him the screenshot of the WhatsApp status which was the screenshot of
Chethan's message to Priya. The message was regarding their plan of the matrimonial
app through which they planned this Love marriage as arranged marriage. Finally the
text "I Love You!". Which had made no context to the message. Shiva goes to Chethan
and tells what was happening. Chethan was confused what to do. In that message, he
had told his parents were of old thoughts and old fashion. If Priya's and Chethan's
parents got to know about this message, this would be the 'endgagement' of their
Story. Shiva tries to delete the screenshots and asks one of his friend Vishnu, who
was a cyber security student from his college to help him delete the screenshot from
everyone's phone. Vishnu agrees and after a long wait, the images are deleted. From
everyone's phone. Shiva tells Riya about this matter and Riya tells about it to
Priya. Priya was astonished for handing over her phone to a kid during photoshoot.
Vishnu who had deleted the photos from others phone was reading the same messages
through his laptop. One of Chethan's relative takes a photo of the image in laptop
without Vishnu's consent. Shiva tells to Chethan that all the images have been
deleted. Finally the engagement takes place. Chethan and Priya exchange rings in the
peacock blue shirt and saree with a peacock blue background. Looking like the mar-
riage of two peacocks. After the engagement everyone head for lunch. The relative who
took the photo of the chat was sitting next to Raj for lunch. The relative asks
"Chethan's and Priya's marriage is Love marriage, is it?". Raj replies "No! It was
arranged, we had arranged it, exactly six months back we went for initial meeting!".
The relative replies "Then your son chethan has fooled you, take a look at this chat
of theirs 6 months and 5 days back, date is there on top see!" he hands over his
phone showing the image. Raj stops eating and closes the banana leaf in which the
food was served. Washes his hands and runs to Chethan. Raj goes to Shiva and asks
"You know your brother's marriage is Love marriage?". Shiva replies "No! I DON'T".
Raj slaps Shiva and tells "Don't lie to me!". Shiva shows to image to Reema who came
running finding Shiva being slapped by Raj. Raj and Reema goes to Chethan and Priya
who were sitting and having a casual talk. Raj asks "Chethan! You know Priya before
initial meeting?". Chethan stands up and tells "Yes! I know!". Raj replies "You're
calling us old fashioned and old mentality people?, when did you grow so old?".
Chethan stood silent bowing down his head. Mohan and Meena come running towards
Chethan and Priya and asks Raj "What happened Raj?". Raj replies "They know eachother
before initial meeting!". Mohan laughs, even Raj starts to laugh. Chethan and Priya
stood thoughtless of why both were laughing. Mohan tells "Raj already knew about you
both, when he once read Chethan's chats with Priya. Raj took photo of Priya and made
matchmaking with us 6 and a half months back. We already knew about your love and
wanted to pressurize you for marriage so that you can investigate about eachother's
love". Raj continues "But, you called us old fashioned which is not great!, But, I
hope you understood your parents are not people with old thoughts!". Chethan felt
like he fell into a ocean. Priya was happy hearing to this. Shiva unknowing about
this goes to Riya and tells her that their parents have got to know about the Love
marriage. Riya tells "During our marriage time, we can use same strategy but be fully
cautious!". Raj and Mohan celebrate for the engagement. Riya and Shiva unknowing
about this starts feeling scared about what will happen to their relationship, but
they knew, their parents didn't keep the issue in mind.
6 months later, Marriage day, Chethan ties knot on Priya's neck. Both take blessings
from their parents. After the marriage function. That night, Raj and Mohan comes on
stage wearing a latest fashioned designer Blazer. Raj starts "Today is a great day!
Usually there is a pre-wedding speech but we decided to do a post wedding speech!.
You all already know that it is not a arranged marriage and is a Love marriage".
Mohan continues "Our children thought we were old fashioned and old mentality people
as you have already reach the chat messages. That's why we have come in this designer
Blazer!". Raj tells "We wanted to show we are not old fashioned and wanted to show
our children so!. Hence, it was me who pre planned this marriage before even then
telling us, we pressurised them to marry and willingly matched their profiles after
getting to know about their relationship. which we had kept as a secret knowing their
relationship". Mohan tells "But, I assure you all! My second daughter's marriage will
be arranged! She will probably marry five years later". Shiva looks at Riya and tells
"You told me at age 21!, you'll be 24 then!". Riya replies "Just listen what he is
saying". Raj intervenes Mohan and says "Even my son will marry after Five years, then
why don't we do one thing. We will make Shiva Marry Riya after five years!". Shiva
jumps in joy. Raj tells "And for Shiva, I slapped you because we know you Love Riya!
Atleast a snitch like you should have told the truth!". Their speech is abruptly
stopped as everyone starts to cheer the decision. Chethan and Priya get onto the
stage and hugs Mohan and Raj and says "Thank you!". Raj replies "Never say thank you
to your parents!". After everyone had gone, chethan meets Priya and tells "The gone
wrong Kalyanam is not Gone wrong anymore!". Both laugh at what happened to them in a
year's time.
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Joe.pdf ---

Joe
Somewhere in USA
It's a Christmas eve and the street was lit up with light. A man wearing a black
hoodie walks down the street. Snow flakes falling on his shoulders. Another man walk-
ing on the street bumps on him and an id with the name 'Joe' flashes, both apologise
and leave. Joe turns and police arrived at the scene pointing gun at him. Joe pulls
out his gun from his pocket. Heavy storm suddenly hits and the hoodie on his head is
removed and a flood light flashes on his face, showing a huge deep scar on his nose.
His beard made him look rugged and his medium short hair made him look like a lumber
jack. The snow starts to fall heavily as the storm started speeding up. Joe was un-
able to open his eyes clearly, but tries to aim his gun forward covers his eyes and
shoots.
INDIA, 15 years ago
Joe aged 17, standing still at his father's funeral. His sister runs out from a car
crying and falls on her father's feet. Joe's sister's name was Jennifer. Joe's mother
gets a stroke suddenly. Joe takes asks the ambulance driver "I'll pay you the cash
you want, take my mother to the best hospital around here!". By the time people lift
his mother and keep her in the ambulance, she was dead. Their relatives ask Jennifer
"Who is going to take care of Joe?". Jennifer replies "Me, my husband Harry and Joe
live in USA, Joe is studying there! He just came here for his holidays!". Harry cuts
the conversation and says "We can discuss this after the funeral!". Few days after
the funeral, a lawyer arrives at their house. Harry and the lawyer along with
Jennifer have a deep discussion and after some time calls Joe. The lawyer ask Joe
"Your sister wants to buy the family property, you will get as your heirloom. If your
willing to only! She has to pay your school and college fees in future, so it will be
helpful for you!". Joe replies "I'm 17 right now! In India, for any sale or rent, I
must be 18 right?". The lawyer agrees, and Joe continues "Then! I'll be 18 next
month, after that I'll let you know my decision!". Lawyer shakes hands with the boy
and walks to his car, calls Harry towards him and says "Next month, after the things
are done, don't forget my share of 60 Lakhs.
Next month, On Joe's 18 birthday evening, the lawyer arrives at their place. Harry
and the lawyer have a drink and call Joe. Joe says "What is your decision?". Joe
replies "Sir! My decision was clear on the day you asked me! I was a minor that day
and cannot speak to you in that manner. But today, I'd like to say to you that, keep
your 60 Lakhs of share deal away from me!". Jennifer cuts the conversation and says
"I'm just saying this for your benefit! I'll take care of you with that money!". Joe
replies "You haven't taken care of me when we were in the same house at USA and
should I expect you to take care of me after so much has happened?". Jennifer slaps
Joe and says "how could you speak to me like this!". Lawyer whispers to Harry "You
have to do that now!". Harry grabs Joe's hand and takes him into a room and locks the
door. Harry removes a sharp edged bracelet from his hand. Joe looks into Harry's
eyes. Harry keeps it on his knuckles and starts to punch Joe on his face. Joe com-
pletely defence less. Harry kept shouting again and again "You should have listened
to us!". After 15 minutes, Harry comes out of the room. Puts back his bracelet on
filled with blood. Harry's face covered in splashes of blood. Harry sets his hair and
says to the lawyer "He has agreed!". Joe walks to them, a huge deep cut on his nose,
his eyes red and face covered in blood. Harry says "I have a meeting at a hotel to-
day, I'll come as early as possible!". Harry gets into his car and leaves. The Lawyer
shows Joe two papers to sign and says "One is for getting your heirloom and the other
is the transfer of properties!". Joe goes towards the first paper and signs. The
Lawyer says "This one too!". Joe reads the document and looks at the lawyer and
Jennifer's face. Grips the pen his hand tightly and stabs the lawyer on his neck.
Pull out the pen and turns to Jennifer. Joe says "I saw you as my sister and you saw
me as an outsider. You tried to kill our father and eventually killing my mother
too!". Joe stabs Jennifer in her stomach and neck. The Lawyer and Jennifer start suf-
focating and eventually die. Joe checks if they are dead, tears the second document
and runs out of the house. After some hours, Harry arrive at the house, gets out of
his car. Walks inside to see, streams of blood flowing through the floor, jennifer
and the lawyer were killed. Harry reports it to the police and the police start to
find Joe. By that time, Joe had fled the country, according to the recordings of the
CCTV from the Airport.
15 Years Later
John, a DSP in India, special squad is assigned to find the serial murders that took
place all over Kerala, in the recent weeks. John briefs his case and the success of
it. Once it is over, John goes to the IG and says "Sir, Since our case is over, are
we going to Dissolve the team now?". IG says "I heard you are very interested in
finding murder cases! I have a very old case of mine. It is one of my oldest unsolved
case, when I was in your post 15 years ago". John says "15 years ago? How can you ex-
pect me to find the culprits after so many years and loss of evidence?". The IG
replies "I have a diary filled with the evidence, and details of the case with im-
ages. I am giving your team a leave for 45 days. In that you can do whatever you
want. But I want you to find atleast 1 clue that will be helping me to satisfy my-
self. I want you to finish atleast one case from this diary". John says "Sure sir!".
IG says "I would like a good news before my retirement next month!". John replies
reading the book "I'll start with the first case of the murder of a lawyer named
Jacob". IG says "Go on!". John had 4 members in his team Raj, Smith, Sam and Luna.
The first investigation was held in 2009, September. Since, digitalization had began
during that period, they searched for old and famous hotels and places which could
have a CCTV camera during that time, near to the crime scene. According to Post
mortem reports, Jacob's stomach consisted of iron substances which was pulled out us-
ing a magnet causing to his instant death. Luna goes to the crime scene which was a
house in ruins after the murder. They try to find the owner of the house. Smith in-
vestigates the details regarding that and finds out that, in September 2009, the
property was inherited to a person named Harry. During further investigation Raj,
gets to know that there were multiple disputes for the ownership change. Instead of
the original inheritors of the owner, who had a son and a daughter, the property was
inherited to the son in law of the owner. This property was auctioned for a cheap
price in the year 2013. John asks Luna to search for the owner's children, the son
and the daughter. Luna searches and gets to know their names were Joe and Jennifer
and Jennifer's husband was Harry. John asks "Where are they right now?". Luna replies
"Joe left to USA in September 2009. Jennifer was reported missing in October 2009 by
Harry". Joe says "Our primary suspect is Harry! Where is he?". Raj says "Harry is
dead!". John asks "What? When?". Sam replies "December 2009, In USA! He was killed
too!". John asks "Is Joe alive? What about jennifer?". Smith says "Joe's current de-
tails are not available. Jennifer was found dead in November 2009". Sam asks "Why are
you searching about them leaving our case about the lawyer Jacob?". Luna replies
"He's on the right track. In September 2009, Joe's father and mother died, Joe left
to USA, Harry inherited the properties and Jacob was murdered. Jennifer was reported
missing in October 2009 and Harry was killed in December 2009. Joe's current details
are not available". John replies "You're right, this makes a full circle. Either Joe
is the culprit or There is a man playing behind this whole family!". Raj suddenly
says "Sir, Jacob was the legal advisor for Harry and Joe's Father! And Sir, Harry has
a son, Peter".
In USA
Joe in a formal attire walking into the board room says "Let's start from the
scratch!".
[Interval]
USA
A 16 year old boy, getting driven to his school. While crossing the road, a car hits
their car. The boy had speech impairment. The boy was admitted to the hospital by few
people. A black car stops in front of the hospital. It starts to rain, Joe walks out
of the car. Goes to the ward and asks the boy "Are you alright, Peter?". The boy,
Peter replie in sign-language "I am alright. My leg hurts". Joe goes to the doctor
and says "Do you have the details of the Vehicle that hit him?". The doctor replies
"Yes! We do have it. But, I cannot provide it to you, it can only be given by the
cops!". Joe takes his phone and calls the Commissioner, writes down the address of
the car owner. Joe looks at his manager and says "It is the work of George, Chairman
of 'V Industries'". Joe asks the driver of his car to get down and gets into the
driver seat. Takes his car and leaves to the Central office of V industries. On his
way he calls a news channel and says "V industry's stock market has crashed!". Joe
reaches the office and enters inside. Joe goes to George's office and says "You tried
to harm my loved ones! You screwed it very badly!". Joe takes out a mini shotgun from
his back, points it at George and says "V industries is taken over by 'Harry Corp'".
Joe crashes, V industry's stock market and buys all the stocks, now owning the com-
pany. Joe shoots at George. George falls on his chair, slides back and falls down
from the building and dies. Joe calls the HR, and says "Everyone in this company now
come under Harry corp! Re-issue ID cards and salaries will be re-configured! I need
it to be done by the end of this week!". Joe walks to the board room and says "Let's
start from the scratch!". Joe gets into his car and leaves to his home. Peter was ly-
ing on his bed. Joe goes there and says "you will be fine, in few days!". Peter says
in sign language "I love you uncle". Joe hugs him, listening to this. Suddenly, the
door bell rings. Joe opens the door, John, Luna, sam, and Smith enter into their
house. John says "I am DSP John and this is my team from India. We have come to in-
vestigate a 15 year old case!". Joe asks John and his team to sit. Luna hands Joe a
photo. Joe looks at this photo and says "This is something, I don't like to remem-
ber!". John says "We came searching Peter, but didn't expect to see you here, after
going missing according to Indian government 15 years ago!". Joe says "I don't want
to speak about it anymore!". John says "You committed a murder in India, you are a
fugitive! But I assure you that this investigation is not for arresting you!". Joe
replies "I killed my sister and Jacob! It was all self defense! What else do you ex-
pect me to do at that time?". John replies "I know about that, but why did you kill
Harry?".
USA, DECEMBER 2009
Harry secretly cremates, Jennifer's body and files a case she is missing. Before
that, Harry adds iron particles into Jacob's body, manipulating evidence. After a
month, Jennifer was reported missing. Eventually, Joe was considered a fugitive in
India. Harry and Jennifer had a son named Peter, whom they didn't bring to India,
when Joe's father died. Harry once reaching USA, starts to hunt Joe. Harry was the
Chairman of 'Harry Corp'. Using his authoritative power, he manipulates people and
goes to Joe's Hostel. He beats up people of the hostel and his college mates.
Finally, one day, he finds Joe in a subway. Joe was taken to the Harry Corp's head-
quarters. Harry says "sign it!", showing the document, which Joe had torn that day.
Joe refuses, Harry tie up Joe on a rope and starts beating him. Joe starts to spit
out blood, energy drained, is dropped down. Harry takes Joe's thumb impression and
hands the paper to a lawyer named Quill. Quill, leaves to India to complete the legal
process. Joe was then thrown out of the headquarter building, once his impressions
were taken. Joe gets up and walks into the building. Joe asks to Harry "What do you
want?". Harry replies "The only reason I married your sister was to get, your family
properties. I brainwashed her against you whole family and made her kill your father!
You killed her and made my job more easy! Harry corp will be established soon, in
India, that too your property!". Joe takes a pen from Harry's assistant and stabs him
on his neck, killing Harry. Joe decided to become the legal guardian for Peter.
Later, all the assets was to be given to Peter and temporarily, given to the
guardian, Joe".
Present day
John listens to this and says "You became the legal guardian of peter, for Harry's
assets?". Joe replies "No! He is my sister's son. Harry brainwashed my sister making
her against us! But I always saw her as my sister! I am not taking care of Harry's
son. I am taking care of Jennifer's son!". John was moved by this but says "Our con-
versation is recorded. I'll have to arrest you and take you to India!". Suddenly, the
main door slams open. John's IG standing in front of them. Joe looking at the IG says
"Haron! You?". IG Haron says "Thank you John! You have finally found the killer and
son of my brother, Harry!". John is shocked at this revelation and says "Sir! This
was a personal case and not an official one?". Haron says "I told you before! You
need not solve the case and it is unofficial!". John says "Unofficial doesn't mean
personal!". By the time they converse, Joe takes peter and leaves in his car. Joe
drops Peter at Harry Corp and asks his manager to take care of him. Haron and John
follow him till Harry corp. Joe leaves immediately and John follows him. While, Haron
goes inside Harry corp. He speaks with the manager "Allow me to see my nephew!". The
manager denies, Haron gets enraged and slams a keyboard on the manager's head. The
manager starts to bleed. Haron grabs Peter's hand forcefully, taking him outside. The
manager comes behind and slam's a flower pot on Haron's head. Haron cries in pain and
falls down. The manager asks peter to go inside. Before, peter could go, Haron shoots
the manager. Peter gets shocked and faints. The manager shouts in pain, tries to get
up and punches Haron. Haron says "Why are you getting beaten up like a dog! For a no-
body? Huh?". The manager says "I have learnt value of a family from him! If he wasn't
there, I would have been no where!". Before the manager could say anything further,
Haron shoots the manager on his head and says "I hate philosophy". Meanwhile, Joe is
being chased by John. John asks the local police for support.
It had started to snow, Joe gets down from his car and enters into a shop. It was the
Christmas eve, the road was completely decorated. Joe buys a hoodie and wears it over
his clothes. His ID was hanging in his pang, which he didn't notice. Snow flakes
falling on his shoulders. Another man walking on the street bumps on him and id with
the name 'Joe' flashes, both apologise and leave. Both wait for a second, Joe turns
back and finds John standing behind him pointing a gun. The Snow fall starts to in-
tensify. A car suddenly drifts behind Joe. Joe turns and finds Haron getting down
from the car. When he looks closely, he finds Peter sitting unconscious in the car.
In such, heavy snow, Joe's sweat starts to drip down. Joe says "If anything happens
to Peter! I'll not spare you!". Haron "I also have the same rights as you on Peter!".
Joe replies "I didn't see your rights when I took custody of him!". Haron says "I
never spoke to my brother after he left to USA! I didn't even know he had a son!".
John says "Sir! I'll not let you touch him! He is under my custody!". The local po-
lice surround them. Haron goes inside his car and takes an automatic rifle and starts
shooting the cops. Once, all the cops were down, he points the gun at John and says
"I have to do it!". Haron shoots John on his leg, keeps Joe at gun point and starts
beating him up. Haron stops when, Joe was exhausted and was soaked in blood. Haron
says "I kept you alive until, peter gets up and avenges the murderer of his parents".
Peter comes out of the car, Haron looks at him and says "You want to know who killed
your parents?". Peter nods saying 'yes'. Haron points at Joe. Joe looks at peter, pe-
ter looking into Joe's eyes. Peter in sign language asks "Who is this?". Joe says "He
is a bad man!". Haron asks "Why doesn't he speaks?". Joe says "He has speech-impair-
ment!". Haron says "Oh, so he is dumb!". Joe gets angry, he gets up and grabs the gun
in Haron's hand. Haron says "You were quiet, upto this time. What happened to you
suddenly?". Joe says "Why did you call him dumb?". Haron says "What else should I
call him?". Joe says "You should have called him that!". Haron says to Peter "He
killed your parents! Kill him!". Peter looks at Joe, then looks at Haron and nods his
head 'no'. Haron is shocked. Joe shoots Haron on his leg, then takes peter to his car
and makes him sit there. Haron says "Spare me!". Joe says "Too late Haron! You're
done!". Joe shoots Haron killing him.
Few weeks later
Joe is standing in the USA court, for murder of Haron. The judge sentences "As an act
of self defense for a physically disabled person, I hereby, sentence Joe to 8 years
in prison". While being taken to prison, Joe says to John "I cannot entrust anyone to
Peter now! My manager is dead! Please take care of him until I come back!". John
holds his hand and says "I will!". Joe is taken to the prison. Peter looking at him
go. Suddenly, John holds Peter's hands, peter looks at him and smiles.
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Karma On the Face of It.pdf ---

Karma: On The Face Of It
In News:"Many schools in Bangalore has recieved bomb threats in mails this Morning.
Police have reached the schools which have informed about the mail and is under con-
trol. According to the latest reports, A school was bombed and the students were
cleared from the building prior to the incident. Parents and teachers are in panic".
The school name is 'RJ public school' had recieved the mail but by the time they saw
the mail, it was too late. The road to the school was very narrowly built. The bomb
squad could not get their bus into the school premises. It would take them longer
time to get the machinery and come inside the school. The principal asks the teachers
to bring the students out of the campus building. A bomb blasts in the ground. A
Physics teacher named Dev Mohan asks the principal to take the students in the school
buses available and rest students inside a house nearby. By that time the Bomb squad
took the machinery and reached the place. Even Dev goes with the bomb squad to all
the corners of the school. There were 3 other bombs fitted in the school ground it-
self. 2 of them were diffused. The other one was going to blast. Dev calculates the
impact of the blast using the mass and size of the bomb and just as all the people
stand the distance at which Dev told them to the impact was nil. Due to the prior
bomb blast, there were few cracks on the school building which they patched up as
they gave the students 2 days of holiday due to the Bomb issue. Dev Mohan aka Physics
Mohan aka Dev sir, simply called Dev was the most celebrated teacher in the school.
All students liked him as he was ground to earth and taught using real life examples
rather than black board explanation. Even during the bomb blast time, the students in
the house nearby were having a experimental version of the chapter 'collisions', he
asked the bomb squad to let him to the experiment without harming or destroy anybody
or anything. Later He became a news all over social media as "The teacher who is
ready to do anything to teach his students". Few people took it in a good way, few
people started trolling him over social media "How can a teacher be so irresponsible
during a bomb threat while students are in danger?". The school didn't care about
these backlash on dev as they knew how good of a teacher he was. The police later
catches the criminal who had bombed the schools and rewarded the people who sent the
bomb threat mail for saving thousands of lives.
One day, A student from the school is taken home by his so called parents. Evening
the parents come into the School. The admin calls the class teacher who was Dev. The
parents say "My son Xavier has not reached home yet. We send him in the school bus.
It is already 5pm now". Dev interrupts and says "Sir, Xavier has gone home infact, We
got a receipt in which parents have come to pick up the child was given". The father
says "If we would have picked him up then why would we come here and ask you now. Our
second son already reached home, they both come together from school. You are the
same teacher who was blasting the bomb during the bomb threat in the school right?
How can a teacher and a school be se irresponsible for keeping such teachers and not
maintain safety standards for a student before doing security standard before letting
the parent who has come to pick a child". After hearing this, Dev ignores the comment
on the bomb blast matter and goes to the security department of the School and takes
a look at the CCTV footage. The CCTV footage was blurred exactly at the time of
Xavier's pickup".Xavier's parents and Dev himself goes in search of his class stu-
dent. Xavier's father Thomas, who owns a car showroom, and Dev go to the police sta-
tion and give a complaint. They go around the whole city of Bangalore, from small
huts to big bunglows. Xavier was no where to be found. Thomas was completely de-
stroyed after the police investigation was unsuccessful in finding Xavier. Dev always
accompanied them as a student from his own class was missing. Dev went to his home
where his wife Maya asks him "Did you find that boy who was missing from your
class?". Dev responds "No, even the police investigation was unsuccessful, we got the
information today". Maya replies "Is there no way?". Dev stays silent. Next day, when
Dev was on his way to School, he sees a CCTV camera on one of the shops on the narrow
laned road. He checks the CCTV footage, he sees that even that video has been
blurred, though, he could see a black or a dark blue coloured vehicle going through
the blurred image, as video colour was not black and white. He takes this as a evi-
dence and meets the police. The police checks all over the Camera for suspicious ve-
hicles in any of the traffic signal cameras, but none of them matched. Dev, without
the knowledge of police notes down all the number plates of the black and dark blue
coloured vehicles that crossed the signal at that particular time. He goes all over
the city finding the car owners when he unexpectedly stumbled upon a car number whose
car colour was white instead of black or dark blue. He thought in his mind "Have I
made a mistake? I wouldn't have made a mistake. There is no way I made a mistake". He
again goes to the traffic police and tries to find that car which was in dark blue
colour. The driver was not visibly seen. They go through all the cameras and find the
approximate place where the car was. Thomas and Dev accompany the police in finding
that car. They find the car finally parked inside a house. The police feared entering
the house as it was Dharmendra Kumar's house. Dev asks "Who is Dharmendra Kumar? That
even police are scared of?". The policemen reply "He is a dreaded gangstar from
Delhi, he is currently in Tihar Jail for a murder case though still many of his busi-
ness are run by his younger brother Devendra Kumar". Thomas does not wait and enters
the house. 2 men come near thomas with a Sickle and stabs his back and tries sending
him outside. Thomas shouts in pain "I will not go without taking my son back home. I
am ready to die here but before I die I need by son back". One of the men says "Here
you won't get a son or a daughter, get out of this compound right now" ( pushes
thomas outside). Dev goes and helps Thomas to get up and asks the police to give him
first-aid. Dev says to thomas "Let's go, they are really dangerous". Thomas says
"What about my son?". Dev says "We will find him, i don't think he might be here".
The other man says "Just because you entered this building, you will find your son in
the same trash can outside your house". Dev gets enraged hearing this. He catches the
guy's shirt collar and pushes him towards the wall and starts choking him. The other
guy comes with the sickle, Dev catches his hand, grabs the sickle and stabs them both
to death. The police runs towards him and arrest. He is later released by court and
considered the act as self defence. Next day, while he was teaching in a classroom,
few men barge inside the school. The admin department call the police immediately.
The men asks the students in Dev's class to go out. The men lock the door from in-
side. One man identifies Dev "You are that guy from that bomb blast day right?". All
Start laughing. One from behind says "We only kept it that day right?". Dev looks at
them. One of the guy punches Dev's eyes causing subjunctive hemorrhage. His face was
red. Dev runs and grabs his pen and stabs in one man's neck. Opens his empty lunch
box, throws it on one man's head. Dev dodges when one man comes to stab him using a
cleaver, catches the man and throws him towards the black board. When one guy comes
to punch Dev on his face, Dev catches his hand and bangs his head on the chalk box
twice. The chalk was finely powdered. Dev throws the powdered chalk on the men's
eyes. Dev opens the door and sees policemen standing outside the classroom. The po-
lice arrest the men. When he goes out with the police, a group of cars enter the
school. Out of one car came out Devendra Kumar (masculine and tall). Devendra Kumar
walks up to Dev and says "Mr.Dev, physics teacher. Why do you want such nuances in
your life. Just now one of my men kidnapped a student from your class when they were
being sent out. Now you will have to go in search of them again". Dev runs inside the
classroom to check which student it was. He finds out it was a student named Chandan.
He runs back towards Devendra and says "Give me the student back!". Devendra says
"Call your school founder to come to my Hotel 'Hotel Plaza Grand' tomorrow early
morning. We will discuss about it there". Dev runs to the principal's room. Devendra
gets into his car and leaves. Dev asks the principal Joseph "Sir, please call our
school founder Mr. Shastry. It's an emergency".
Shastry is seen in a court room where he the lawyer giving evidence against
Dharmendra Kumar for a murdering Shastry's brother few years ago.
[Interval]
Dev meets shastry. Shastry says about Dharmendra. Few months back, Dharmendra Kumar
creates a fight and kills aman in Shastry's brother Vishva's land. Dharmendra then
buried the man alive inside Vishva's land. When police finds a body in Vishva's land,
they arrest vishva in suspicion. Vishva proved innocent, files a case on Dharmendra.
Which eventually lead to Dharmendra killing Vishva. Shastry who is a lawyer and
founder of the school goes to court with all proper evidence of Dharmendra's illegal
business and murders. Dharmendra is sentenced to life long in prison. This has lead
to the bomb threat in his school and kidnapping of two students. Now, Dev asks
Shastry "Sir, Devendra Kumar has asked you to meet him at 'hotel grand plaza'
tonight, if we don't go, we won't get the students back". Shastry agrees to go. That
night, Shastry leaves to the hotel. Dev accompanies him. In the ground floor, he find
the two students safe. Shastry goes to meet Devendra, while Dev takes the students
and drop them at their home. Dev returns to the hotel. He searches for shastry.
Shastry was missing. He searches each room of the hotel, but could find shastry. Dev
takes Shastry's car and goes searching for him. He finally goes to principal's house
which was just opposite to the school. Dev enters principal's house and says all stu-
dents are safe and asks if he got any call from the founder. Joseph says "Don't mind,
sometimes our founder just walks to his home even if it is 20-30km, his driver later
gets his car. In the meantime his phone will be switched off. Let me get you some
coffee!". Dev sighed with relief after hearing this. He looks at the school from the
house window. Something felt unusual. Suddenly the focus lights outside the school
turns on. Dev comes out of Joseph's house and runs towards the school. When he looks
up he sees the founder hanging dead on the building. Joseph comes behind Dev. Dev
looks back at Joseph and suddenly the School blasts. Shastry's half burnt body during
the blast falls in front of Dev. Dev stands speechless. Joseph calls the police.
Police start the procedure to find the culprit. Dev completely frozen looking at the
aftermath, stunned goes home. His Maya asks what had happened. Dev on's the tv and
shows the news about the school and it's founder. Maya is shocked. Maya asks Dev
"What is this? You went with Shastry right? Now all evidences are against you. What
are we going to do?!". Dev replies "There is proof that I took shastry to the hotel.
There is proof that I took his car and drove to the school. There is also proof that,
I was in the school premises during the bomb blast. There is no escape. The police
will finalize me as the culprit". Maya starts crying hearing this. Dev walks out.
Takes his car and goes to Devendra Kumar's house. Dev asks Devendra "Are you happy
now? Shastry is dead!". Devendra replies "No, I'm not happy until you go to jail. To
escape the law I kept a sensor with help of few hackers in the car which you came
searching. Using that sensor the CCTV camera visuals become blurred and I asked my
men to take one to school too. If I know to escape law, why can't I escape by killing
you". Dev asks "Why are you behind me?". Devendra says "You killed two guards in
front of my house. You beat up my men and sent them to jail. That's why this all ends
when my brother kills you in Tihar Jail". Dev pushes the drawing table in front of
him. Grabs the remote breaks it on one of Devendra's men. He opens the Glass showcase
and grabs a medal made up of metal. He starts hitting Devendra's men with that. It's
breaks and falls down. Devendra walks up to Dev while he was hitting other men hold-
ing a towel in his hand. Devendra puts the towel on Dev's neck and starts pulling
him. Dev turns facing Devendra. The towel comes out. Devendra starts hitting dev with
the towel. Devendra punches dev in the eye in which he had subjunctive hemorrhage.
Dev shouts in pain. Devendra continues punching. Dev starts to block him after few
punches. Dev runs around the house grabs a wall clock and breaks it on Devendra's
head. Devendra faints. Few of Devendra's men try to wake him up while others follow
dev. Dev runs inside a room. When one man was about to enter, he slams the door on
his face. The man's nose start bleeding and his toe nail starts bleeding as it got
stuck under the door. Others open the door and walk inside with cleavers and sickles.
Dev was in kitchen. Dev throws chilli powder on one man's face, turmeric powder on
the other. Grabs a grinding stone and throws it on one man. The man's head start
bleeding and the tile breaks after the grinding stone fell down. Devendra wakes up.
Dev enters the Bedroom. Dev throws an alarm clock on one man's head. There was a boy
inside the room. Dev asks the boy if he can borrow his cricket bat. The boy agrees.
Dev takes the bat and start hitting the men. Devendra stabs Dev with a knife from be-
hind during this. Dev cries out in pain and falls down. One of Devendra's men grab
the bat from Dev's hands and start standing on his hand. Dev scratches the man's leg
and the man lifts his leg from Dev's hands. Dev pushes Devendra, grabs his knife and
stabs him to death. Meanwhile the police arrive at the scene and arrest Dev. Dev is
sentenced for life for killing founder, blasting the school and killing Devendra with
all proper evidence.
In Tihar Jail
Dev is sent to the Room in which Dharmendra was. When he enters the room, nobody was
around. During the night time, Dharmendra (Extremely masculine and looks ferocious)
enters the Room. Dev gets up. Dharmendra pushes dev and says "Now it is night time,
sleep the last day of your life". Dev couldn't sleep all night. Morning he was
drowsy. Dharmendra pulls him out of the room. Dev was out of his energy without
sleep. Dharmendra punches Dev. Dev couldn't react and cried out in pain. His nose was
bleeding. Eyes red. Once again when Dharmendra is about to punch, Dev grabs a steel
bucket next to him and bangs it on Dharmendra's head. Dharmendra starts bleeding and
is enraged. None of the police dared to go against Dharmendra in jail. Dev runs
around the jail and falls inside a block filled with shallow water in it. Dharmendra
chases him and starts to drown him in that water. Dev kicks Dharmendra. Dharmendra's
head hit the block and is taken to hospital. From hospital, Dharmendra escapes. While
Dharmendra is running on the road A car hits him. A closer look into the car, the car
belonged to Thomas's car showroom which came for test drive.
Few months later in Tihar Jail
Dev is telling a story to his jail mates "You all know I'm a teacher as I am taking
classes for the jailers here too. You all know how I came in here. I'll tell you guys
a story from my school of a student. A boy brought a new pencil to school, that time
I was a second standard class teacher. He came and told me a girl took his pencil. I
was like oh is it then we will ask her then. She stood up and answered that she also
had the same pencil and to ask anyone in class. I asked the students to raise hand
whoever saw that pencil with that girl. 80% of the class raised their hands. I then
asked who saw the pencil with that boy. Only the boy sitting next to him had seen the
pencil with him that morning. I ended the conversation there and gave the pencil to
the girl. Later i asked the boy if the pencil was really his. He said that he had
bought that pencil yesterday. He also told that even she had the same pencil. The
girl had showed the whole class her new pencil while the boy had only showed the boy
next to him. He told his parents will scold him if he doesn't get the pencil. I then
took permission from the principal and went to a nearby stationery shop and bought
him the same pencil. Few days later that girl asked the boy for a pencil as she had
forgot her pencil box ( jailers start laughing). The boy's name was Xavier. Karma
leaves no one. Karma is for every one". With this he end the story. Few months later,
Maya fights his case in the court and prove Dev is innocent and did not murder
Shastry and he was not the one who blasted the school building and showed proof that
even Dev has contributed in building back the school. The school is functional
through online classes. Though all of these happened he was not found innocent for
Devendra's murder. The court ordered him bail after 6 years giving him a total trial
of 7 years. Maya becomes happy and tells the news to Dev. Dev is not happy though. He
goes inside his room and says to one of his jail mates "Did Karma really come back to
me?". Dev is shown remembering "Dev calls Thomas the day before going to jail and
tells him to come near the hospital where jailers are sent for treatment with a car
and a 'L Board driver' using a test drive car. The same car hits and Dharmendra
Dies". Dev laughs and walks to the classroom where jailers were waiting for his
class.
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- King part 1.pdf ---

KING PART 1:SHIVA AND DIWAKAR
Karthi as Shiva
Vijay sethupathi as Vedha
George (yet to be decided)
Siva karthikeyan as Diwakar
Arjun das as Sanjeev
Prabhu deva as Ganesh
Arun Vijay as Faiz
"India has been importing drugs for many reasons out of which 357 billion
Indian rupees of drugs are imported by Pharmaceutical companies for making
medicines. The highest drug exporting country is Germany but it is only for
pharmaceutical needs. Our target is in Switzerland the second highest drug
exporting country. According to CBI records somebody named king who is an
Indian is the mastermind of this narcotic empire. I Krishnamurthy the
Secretary of RAW, appoint Vedha to go to Switzerland and find out King."
Krishnamurthy says. Vedha comes and takes his Target details he was not sup-
posed to kill him but being him arrested in India. Vedha leaves to
Switzerland.
George is a French Gangstar who travels between France, Switzerland and
Germany for drug dealings. He has a small associate in India. That gang is
currently based in Chennai. The Gang is currently called Attam gang lead by
George's Indian Right hand Sanjeev. This attam gang is prone to make major
gang wars in Chennai. There is another gang in Chennai the Ganesh Gang lead
my M.Ganesh pandi aka Ganesh. Ganesh Gang and Attam gang are Rivals even
though they had the same motive which was drug peddling. In one Gang war
Ganesh dies. He was killed by Sanjeev. Ganesh Gang was in a situation to
choose the next Gang leader. Faiz Ahmed Ganesh's Right hand declares Ganesh's
Son Diwakar as the next Gang leader. Every body agreed but Diwakar wanted to
meet King before him getting declared as the Gang leader, but King was con-
sidered as an enemy to Ganesh Gang. Shiva had just joined the Gang 4 months
back. Shiva was excellent in handling guns and had good record for whatever
job they had given him. Hence, Faiz asks Shiva to accompany Diwakar. Shiva
and Diwakar leave to Switzerland. Sanjeev gets to know about the new Gang
leader Diwakar. Sanjeev decides to finish Diwakar. To Kill Diwakar, Sanjeev
leaves to Switzerland.
Inside the flight, Shiva and Diwakar have a business class ticket. There was
nobody in the business class. Sanjeev bribes the flight attendant to give him
access to Business class. After paying a hefty amount of 1 lakh in cash, the
flight attendant gives Sanjeev a seat near Shiva and Diwakar's seat. Shiva
asks Diwakar "why do you want to see King?" Diwakar replies "You will get to
know as soon we meet him". Sanjeev gets shocked hearing King's name. Suddenly
there was a loud shout from the people in economy. Shiva gets up to see what
it was. As Shiva moves forward he gets to know a group had hijacked the
flight. Shiva grabs his gun. Sanjeev gets shocked seeing Shiva had gun in the
flight. Shiva shoots the group calmly and hands the gun to a man. He shouts"
He is the one who shot. He is a RAW agent named Vedha. Vedha will take in
charge". Vedha looks shocked. Nobody except the RAW knew he was on this mis-
sion. Vedha slides into the business class. He sees Shiva sitting next to
Diwakar. Vedha to himself " he must have caught Diwakar and maybe Diwakar has
some connection to king. He must be A RAW agent". Vedha now asks Shiva "
Brother what's your name?". Shiva replies "My name is Shiva. I know you might
be shocked but you will soon get to know". As Vedha turns around he sees
Sanjeev. Vedha knew something was fishy around people from attam gang and
Ganesh Gang together in same flight in same class. The flight lands at Zurich
Airport. Diwakar asks Shiva "How do you know he was from RAW". Shiva replies
" I not only know that he is RAW but also know that Sanjeev was in our flight
in the same class". Diwakar asks "How?!". Shiva replies "I checked the
Passenger list through a friend of mine and collected information about
them". Diwakar is shocked at his reply and says "You scare me". Shiva laughs
and they go to The alpina gstaad hotel. They check in. Take rest for the rest
of the day and the next morning they go to Rhine falls. After a good sight
seeing come back to the hotel. Sanjeev was following them the whole time.
Next day, Diwakar Calls his Swiss friend Jayant to meet him at Chapel bridge
the evening. In the evening Jayant arrives at Chapel bridge. Diwakar asks
jayant " How can we meet King?". Jayant says" take his name slowly if any of
his associates is in this area then we even can die. To meet Mr.Him you must
meet Mr.S, that's how people call him. But according to latest information
George had tried to kill him 6 Months back. We don't know if he is dead or
alive. I think we can contact king using some associate but we must find who
is an associate to king". Sanjeev was viewing the discussion from a distance
but was unable to hear it. Vedha was also following them the whole time.
Vedha had heard the conversation between Diwakar and jayant by fixing a bug
on the bridge silently. Shiva asks " How do you know so much about contacting
king?". Jayant replies " I wanted to join king's gang but to contact him we
needed Mr.S. Nobody has seen Mr.S except the gang. If anyone sees him who is
not going to join the gang or be an associate was dead. The day i got ap-
pointment to Mr.S is the day the news of suspicion of death came. He was
missing nearly for 1 week before they announced him dead. Mr.S and king are
of same type only selected members who have seen them are alive". Shiva,
Diwakar and jayant decide to find an associate of King. They go back to ho-
tel. Shiva says to Diwakar " If jayant could not find an associate of King in
6 months how is he going to find an associate for us in a short period of
time?". Diwakar replies "We will see. He even might find. Who knows?". Shiva
seems to distrust Jayant. Suddenly the door breaks open. Jayant and Sanjeev
is seen holding a gun. Sanjeev on bed is shocked. Shiva slips his gun slowly
into his hand. He shoot but the shot misses. Shiva shoots again. This time
the bullet hits jayant's arm. Shiva runs towards his bed and ducks. Shiva
takes cover. Jayant is not going to stop. Diwakar was also taking cover with
the bed. Shiva shoots again. This time it his Sanjeev's abdomen. The next
shot of Shiva head shot's jayant. Jayant falls down. Diwakar meanwhile grabs
a gun and starts to shoot. After looking at Jayant fallen down, Sanjeev runs
down the hall way. Diwakar and Shiva chase him. Sanjeev tries to shoot them
but misses every time. Suddenly a car comes. Sanjeev enters the car and goes.
Diwakar says" It might be George's men". A sound "It is not George's men but
it's George himself". Shiva and Diwakar turn to see George. George walks to-
wards Shiva and Diwakar. George says "Have I seen you both anytime?" Pointing
at Shiva and Diwakar. "Not together but seen you both before". Diwakar says
"You might have seen me with my father Ganesh". George replies"Oh yes! Ganesh
my old enemy whom I only asked my associate Sanjeev to kill". Diwakar stiffs
his hand as if he was going to hit him. Looking at that Shiva pats his back
to cool him down. George says "I have come to give you last warning that if
your gang ever puts your head in my business I'll burn down your whole gang
by myself". Diwakar and Shiva stand speechless looking at George turn and en-
ter his Bentley and go. Shiva and Diwakar walk back to the hotel in despair
for the insult they got from George. As soon as they enter the hotel, The ho-
tel staffs ask Diwakar and Shiva to vacate the hotel paying for the losses.
Diwakar pays the amount and pack their bags vacate the hotel. They change the
hotel to Ultima gstaad. They settle down.
Shiva says Diwakar" What are you thinking? I have an idea to take revenge.
According to my assumption George and King are Rivals the same way of Attam
gang and Ganesh Gang. If we join as an associate to King then taking revenge
is like snap of our fingers. Diwakar replies "I know that. That is the reason
I came to Switzerland to meet King". Diwakar in his mind "King....... How
does he look........ How to meet him?....... God please help me find
him......". Vedha meets an old friend who is considered as an associate to
King. Vedha and his friend Vivek is seen shaking hands. Diwakar is in de-
spair. Shiva breaks a mirror in the bathroom in anger.
[Interval]
Shiva gets a phone call. It was Vedha. Vedha says "I found an associate of
King. You are also a RAW agent right. It's a confidential matter. I request
you to come near Chapel bridge at 12 today". Shiva says Diwakar"I think we
got an associate to meet King". Shiva reaches the chapel bridge on time.
Vedha was waiting for the associate. After a long wait of 3 hours they decide
to go back to their respective hotels. Many people take selfies here but
Vedha sees people taking photos of something under the bridge. Vedha and
Shiva come to one side of the bank to see Vivek his friend who was an asso-
ciate to King hanged dead below the bridge. Shiva says bye to Vedha and
leaves. When Diwakar asks what had happened, Shiva tells him the whole story.
Diwakar is in great displeasure. Vedha is shocked. Vedha goes to the Swiss
police and asks for help but they are too scared to go against King. Shiva
and Diwakar decide to blast George's house in Switzerland with the RDX they
brought from India. Diwakar and Shiva fix the bombs and blast George's house.
George is shocked and angry and asks to find out who had blasted the house.
Sanjeev finds out that the RDX used to make Bomb was made in India. Sanjeev
concludes it is none other than Diwakar and Shiva.
George sends some of his men. In search of Diwakar and Shiva. Finally George
gets a call that Diwakar and Shiva were found in an old abandoned factory
where they were creating bombs using RDX. George reaches the factory. By the
time he reaches, Diwakar and Shiva had killed George's men. Diwakar threatens
George to Blast his house in France if he doesn't leave the place that sec-
ond. As soon as George gets into his car, George gets a phone call saying his
house in France was blown up. George comes out of Car and says" I am going to
kill both of you. Wait untill my boss the mega boss 'Gold' come to
Switzerland from Russia". Diwakar says "Gold or silver I don't care. I have
King in mg side". George gets raged and leaves from the factory. Shiva asks
Diwakar "why did you take King's name. Did you meet him?". Diwakar replies
"No! I just made him scared". It was international balloon festival, Diwakar
and Shiva implant a bomb in the balloon. The balloon was remote controlled.
Shiva controls the balloon and stops the ballon in front of George's car.
George gets out. The hot air balloon blasts and the Bentley gets destroyed.
George walks all his way to Swiss Alps which was about 6km from his location.
George calls for a helicopter after reaching Alps. George rides in his heli-
copter and lands it in front of his exporting company 'EXPO TRANSPORTATION'.
He then search for his favorite gun STG-44 and fills it with bullet. He
starts getting ready for a war.
Vedha was knowing what has been happening in Switzerland. Vedha had got to
know Shiva is not a RAW agent. Vedha decides to confront Shiva. Vedha calls
Shiva and tells he knows how to contact king. Shiva immediately goes to
Vedha. Vedha says "I know that you are not a RAW. You are from Ganesh Gang
right??. I shouldn't have trusted you". Shiva tells "You don't trust me but
hear what i want to say. Even i have come in search of King. Me and Diwakar
have been searching and doing numerous jobs to Get to king but all were un-
successful that's when you called me. But the associate was dead". Vedha asks
Shiva to go away and never come in front of him ever again. Shiva goes to
Diwakar and tells what happened. Diwakar gets a call from George. George asks
Diwakar and Shiva to come to Chapel bridge if they want to see King dead.
Shiva dials a number and says "It's time location Chapel bridge". Shiva and
Diwakar reach Chapel bridge. George was going to shoot both when a helicopter
lands near the back of the river. A man comes down. He walks in slow motion.
George shouts "Who is this now!!!". The man comes near George and says it's
not time for them to die. It's time for you to die for creating such big nui-
sance in my gang". He takes a MP-40 and continuously shoot George's men and
leaves sanjeev and George. George Shouts"who do you think you are?" The man
responds"They call me King [THALAPATHY VIJAY] ". Sanjeev looks shocked.
George's face turns red. Sanjeev tries to run but King shoots him direct head
shot. Shiva keeps his right hand on his left chest showing respect he bows
down. King shoots George stating King doesn't give warning that he will burn
down a complete gang but instead burns down the whole gang and shows the gang
leader who the real king is". King shoots George.
King comes near Diwakar and says "You wanted to see the king? Here i am. Want
to join as an associate you are welcome". King says to Shiva" Shiva it's
enough. Your job is done. Get up and explain him the whole thing".
[FlashBack]
"Shiva relates to S, I am Mr.S. George's men try to kill me but i kill them
call George and say that Mr.S Is dead according to what King told Me to say.
We needed an associate in India. We chose the associate to be Ganesh Gang be-
cause they were against Attam gang which was an associate of George's Gang.
Then i joined your gang and showed that i am loyal. But you what didn't no-
tice was such a person with short experience was chosen to accompany you.
This was the game Faiz played to kill you and become the Gang leader of
Ganesh Gang. I had to do an action such that you thought i was not a member
of King's Gang. But now..... What...... Happened to Vedha".
Vedha took photos of King and Mr.S and shares it to RAW and writes "Found out
who Mr.S and King is. The first exclusive Pictures of both".
King replies"Now Vedha would have taken images of ours and shared it to RAW.
According to Our plan it's happening we are now a living existence rather
than a thought of fear. Now everyone will know who is going to come for
them". Diwakar replies"George's Gang is also an alliance to your Rival then
who is Your real Rival gang?". Shiva replies "Gold's Gang". King asks Diwakar
to get into his helicopter and stay at king's house. The helicopter takes
off.
Vedha "I request raw to analyse the king's image and shore the original de-
tails of King immediately".
At King's place Diwakar is shocked to see the rich architecture of kings
house. Diwakar eats dinner and goes to sleep. King has Discussions about
Ganesh Gang and Diwakar. King gets to know what has happened in Chennai.
Next morning when Diwakar wakes up and asks why Shiva looks gloomy. Shiva
replies "We.... Have .......a ...... Bad news from Chennai........ Faiz is an
associate to Gold and now Faiz has become the Gang leader of Ganesh Gang".
Diwakar knew something like this was going to happen and ignores the news.
King wishes Diwakar good morning. Diwakar eats breakfast and asks to speak
with king privately.
RAW analyses king's image and checks all the previous crime records and finds
out a report of his original name. They share it to Vedha.
Diwakar asks King "Like Shiva is called Mr.S you will also have a real name
right. can you tell me the real name of yours?".
Vedha opens the file stating original name of King.
It was a 20 year old case file from Chennai.
It started" Original name of King:Vijay
DOB:22nd June 1974
DOD:2nd December 2007
Reason for death:Hanged for crime".
King is seen winking his eyes at Diwakar.
[Screen goes black and 2 gun shot sound is heard.]
Sound of King "The Game of Chess has Just begun"
[Post credit scene: King as the kingpin of chennai selling drugs in the area
has to be hanged to death order by the PM of India]
Written by:Nivedh Sunil


--- King part 2.pdf ---

KING PART 2:GOLD
Vijay as King
Karthi as Shiva
Siva karthikeyan as Diwakar
Vijay sethupathi as Vedha
Arun Vijay as Faiz
Arjun Sarja as Krishnamurthy
The earliest form of the game that's now called chess can be dated back to
India in the sixth century. Like the modern game, this predecessor, called
chaturanga was played on an 8x8 grid and featured pieces generally similar to
those of modern chess.
The Game of Chess had just begun. One side was king whose face had been know
by RAW now. The other side is Gold. Gold was just another king in the game of
Chess. Both had the same power. Both did the same work. Both had similar po-
sitions between the associates. Both had the Crime syndicate of Illegal drug
dealings and Gold smuggling. In the game of chess there are very few chances
of the game becoming a draw. Only the most powerful king wins. Winning is not
killing the opponent but it is capturing the opponent. The king who won the
battle decides what happens to the opponent king. King had a plan.
After asking the question king gives a pause and then replies "My name used
to be Vijay. But Vijay died on 2nd December 2007. That was the day king was
born. To reach this position...................... I don't want to waste your
mood saying i did hardwork and killed many gangsters for reaching this posi-
tion but i will surely tell that i killed many. Now it will be in your mind
why i brought brought you here and am i going to kill you. Your assumption is
wrong" The window right behind king breaks. 4 men enter throught the window.
King asks Diwakar to take the olympia rifle from the cupboard. Diwakar throws
it towards king. Diwakar gets a desert eagle will bullets which he puts in
his pocket and starts shooting the men. The men had G18. They were continu-
ously shooting and king and Diwakar. Both take cover using a table. King
loads the gun and head shots one man. The other 3 continuously shoot at the
table. They come near the table with their gun pointing towards the table.
Diwakar takes his Gun and shoots the 3 people to death. King and Diwakar come
out of the room. Shiva was trying to shoot more men coming inside through the
door. They shoot all men leaving one. King goes out. All of king's men who
were for his security were dead. Only the associates who were not in the com-
pound were safe. King goes to the home of the dead and give them money for
the betterment and for their future. King after coming back home tells
Diwakar a story "I had a friend named Ajith. He had a family. We were an as-
sociate to Prakash syndicate. They were the major drug lords at that time.
Now they are at the sky we can't touch. I was the one who added Ajith to this
syndicate as an associate. I didn't know that would cost his and his family's
life. As i got caught due to the largest drug trafficking in india the PM and
court ordered to hang me to death. As i got caught Ajith also was caught. We
had a small fight in jail that his family was going to starve because of me
and the syndicate. The day of hanging came. To save Ajith's family i replaced
him and me with another people and they were hanged. Ajith was missing after
that. Ajith didn't know that i the one who saved him. With the name of "Drug
dealer's wife and children" unable to bear the pain of death unknowing that
he was not dead she does suicide. That's when i saw Ajith last. I heard only
one news after that. It was that Ajith was killed by Prakash. Ajith was cut
into 100's of pieces and thrown in different parts of the world. To take that
revenge i left their syndicate and began my own syndicate and started to be-
come a bigger syndicate but never able to cope up. That's when i got another
Rival Gold. Like Ajith and his family died because of me i don't want any
other family to die because of me". Shiva comes out and tells " The man we
got has told that it was Gold's associate who sent to kill king".
Vedha leaves to India. Krishnamurthy says" You have done a good job Vedha.
Your work is done. You will be assigned a new job soon". Vedha replies "How
can you call me back to India sir?. Some huge drug war is going to happen
around the world and india will be the root cause because all are indians
over there. What will india answer to the world?. Do you know what people
will think of Indians?. I was assigned for finding who king was but now I
think i must find Gold and the Prakash syndicate too. I will find it out if
the organisation is supporting me or not". Suddenly PM enters the scene. PM
give the official permission to find who Gold and Prakash syndicate leaders
are and to stop this war. PM assigns an whole team to Vedha. Now the whole
team leave to Switzerland.
"Gold........I feel like i know him. He has the same movements like me the
same way both king's have same power in the game of chess. I want to see
atleast a glance of him" king said to Shiva. Shiva and Diwakar have a conver-
sation privately and go in front of King. Diwakar says "there is a way to
find who Gold is. Gold's men know that you took me here. But they don't know
what is happening here. That's why me and Shiva discussed and came to a con-
clusion that i am going to join Gold's associate and begin to decode you
Gold's face". King "Gold's men don't know what happened here though they
might think we have a good relationship. How are you going to change your im-
age?". Shiva says "If we hire some jailers from Gold's Gang who went to jail
attacking us once. Diwakar will be hunted by them and beaten to death. Gold's
men at that time will come to rescue Diwakar and ask him to join their asso-
ciate. That's when our game begins". King replies "ok then start works for
that".
Meanwhile in India,
Attam gang's remaining associates join hands with faiz. They rename the gang
name as Golden Gang. Golden gang is the gang associated with Gold's Gang. The
similarity between them was all of them wore a gold ring with the name 'Gold'
embossed on it. Faiz was the gang leader. The people who were from Ganesh
Gang who went against them were killed and body was thrown to wild dogs. Faiz
was considered the most dreaded Gangstar in India.
As soon as arrangement was made the whole thing worked as their plan. Diwakar
beaten up by the men face full of blood looking as if he wanted to seek re-
venge from king was taken before Gold. Gold's face was not seen as it was a
dark room with very little light source and gold was wearing a hoodie. Gold "
I once had a friend named Vijay. He joined me to a gang and that gang took
life of my life and i thought so my friend too but the thing i nt know was he
had played against me with that syndicate. What should you call that
friend?". Diwakar replies "I now know that you know king is Vijay. This means
you are Ajith". Gold's face is seen [Gold as Ajith kumar] .Diwakar continues"
king told me the truth what you think is wrong". Gold replies" You now don't
need to teach me what is right and what is wrong. With this sentence of
yours, i now got to know that this was yours and king's plan to trap me".
Gold asks his men to kill Diwakar. Diwakar starts laughing. Diwakar says"If
we made a plan to know who you are would we make plan to catch you?".
[Flashback]
King replies "ok then start works for that". Diwakar says "If he gets to know
it's our plan what will we do?". King replies "You need not worry about that.
Shiva and my associates will be covering you".
Gold's men are standing at gun point by King's associates. Gold stands in
front of Diwakar and says"I already died once as Ajith but i am gold, gold
never dies. "I felt like it was you from a long time" king comes from behind.
King and Gold look at eachother face to face.
[Interval]
Few days ago
Vedha reaches Switzerland. Indian government asks Switzerland government to
co-operate with the mission. Before arriving at Switzerland, Vedha starts
from the root takes Vijay's case file. Goes to Vijay's grave. Identifies the
body as another person's body. He declared vijay is king. He then goes to
Ajith's grave, the result was same. Vedha asks the police to give him the
missing case files of that year. There were 90 missing complaints out which
30 were found, 20 dead and 40 still remains a mystery. "Out of these 40 peo-
ple were there any whose family members had not come and instead a friend has
come to give complaint and is from a different state working as a daily wa-
ger?" Asks vedha. The police officer filters them into 15 such cases, when
the police went to enquire out of these 15, 5 people had no family or par-
ents. "Out of these 5 people who went missing within the 1 week before Ajith
and Vijay were going to be executed?" Vedha asks. Police officer replies "2
men, both of them were reported the same day and were working in the same
place". Vedha asks "who are they?". "Rajesh Rao and Andrew" replied the po-
lice officer. Vedha says "Vijay's and Ajith's face were covered while taking
to execution. Now I'm sure it is Rajesh Rao and Andrew who died instead of
Ajith and Vijay". Ajith was later recovered in 100 pieces from different
parts of the world.
In Switzerland
Vedha tries to find Diwakar and Shiva who were seen with King aka Vijay few
days back. Vedha and team goes to each and every hotel they stayed. Finally
they thought Diwakar and Shiva are taken by king to kill both. The FIS aka
Federal intelligence service from Switzerland were called for help by the RAW
for this mission. They checked airports daily for any information on Diwakar
going back to India. There were no results in any field when finally they get
a footage of Diwakar going back to India in a private plane. Vedha rushes to
Zurich Airport. Vedha asks to find the name of the flight. The private plane
is Boeing 787-8 BBJ. The owner name is King. The plane is currently travel-
ling towards India. Vedha asks "when is the next flight to India?". The offi-
cials reply" Sir, it's 12pm now. We have a Quatar airways flight at 4.40pm
and it's the fastest you will reach Chennai by 9am though you might have to
catch an Air Indigo flight in the stop too". Vedha replies "Team stay here.
I'll go to Chennai and will be back at the earliest after catching Diwakar".
The team agrees and Vedha leaves back to India.
In India
Diwakar is followed by Vedha. Diwakar goes to his area. Faiz and gang were
waiting for Diwakar to come. As soon as Faiz got down from the cab a man runs
towards Diwakar to stab. The man was shot by a person sitting inside the cab.
Another door opens and Shiva comes out. 2 men come attacking towards both.
Both were again shot. The door opens and king comes out holding a gun. Vedha
was watching this from a distance. Faiz looks shocked at king himself stand-
ing in front of him. There were about 50 people with faiz and against them
were king,Shiva and Diwakar. King looks back. Vedha looks shocked as King was
looking directly at Vedha. King looks forward grabs 2 Lupara and hands over
them to Shiva and Diwakar each with bullets. After all were shot only Faiz
remained. Faiz knew he had lost everything. Diwakar says to Faiz "you thought
that if i go finding king, king would kill me but your assumptions were
wrong. We are now an associate to King's Gang. If you tell us where Gold re-
sides we will let you live or else you choose your own death". King takes a
chair sit directly opposite to Faiz waiting for him to make a decision. After
some time Faiz responds " Gold resides in Basel city. The city in Switzerland
with most violent acts ever recorded. If you want to enter that place then
you must be a man of Gold. Now please leave me. I'll leave chennai forever".
Diwakar grabs a gun and responds" Why should we leave you? Again prepare and
stab us back again from behind? No way we are giving it a chance". Before
faiz could think anything Diwakar shoots Faiz to death. Diwakar says "chennai
is not for me anymore. I request you o'king to take me to your Gang". King
replies "I knew you would join. If you fly with us back to Switzerland you
are officially a member of King's Gang".
In Switzerland
Prakash was preparing for a battle. A battle between two king's and a king-
maker. Prakash was never alone in his syndicate. King knew that prakash
wasn't alone and he had somebody backing him.
Current day
While both are looking face to face a gun is shot between them. Both turns
towards the direction from which the bullet came from. Prakash walks towards
them and says "Welcome to you both to Switzerland. I knew something was wrong
in your deaths. And now I'm here. In front of you". Prakash's men had sur-
rounded the building. Prakash takes King's gun. Vedha was upstairs and nobody
knew he was here. He was looking at the whole Chaos in front of him. King had
gun on gold and Gold's men had gun on King. King's men had gun on Gold's men
and prakash's men had gun on King's men. Prakash has gun on both gold and
King. King started laughing and says "Your few men are standing outside the
building where i kept land mines. One guy moves all die". One man moves from
the land mine and all the men of prakash standing outside are killed.
"Outside you may have control but inside its my control." Prakash says.
Prakash's men load the gun to shoot. king says "your men are reloading gun
now. My guns are always loaded!". King's men start shooting prakash's men.
Looking at that Gold's men firing too. Prakash is hit by king. Prakash's gun
flies away. Gold is shocked. Prakash says "I killed you both once. But now
again. Don't make me kill you guys again". Gold hears this and understands
that king is innocent and the main villain of their story is Prakash. Vedha
calls the cops to come to the location immediately. Prakash runs and grabs
his gun. He points the gun at king. Prakash's gun is shot by Diwakar and the
gun again flies away. Prakash punches king. Gold grabs a chair and breaks it
over prakash's back. prakash takes his walkie talkie and says "get the chop-
per now!". The chopper comes directly above the building some men with bul-
letproof jacket and gun. They secure prakash and takes him on the
chopper.bKing says "I wanted you to hear from prakash that i am innocent
that's the reason i shared the location with prakash and wanted to finish him
there. But he escaped. He has influence here in Switzerland. The Swiss cops
arrive at location. Vedha comes down the building and asks the cops to hold
fire. King, Gold, Diwakar and Shiva are in the building. Vedha pulls out a
microphone and says "King and Gold! Listen carefully. We have surrounded the
building. It's better to surrender to us or else we will start shooting".
King asks everyone to take cover. King tries to find anything useful in the
building. He finds a chest in a corner below the stairs. King opens it and
smiles. Vedha asks the cops to fire. The firing stops. King comes out with a
Gatling gun. The building they used to store ammunition to defend the Swiss
land during the French invasion of Switzerland.
Written by: Nivedh Sunil
[To be continued]
The End


--- King part 3.pdf ---

KING PART 3: THE KINGMAKER
Vijay as King
Karthi as Shiva
Siva Karthikeyan as Diwakar
Vijay Sethupathi as Vedha
Arun Vijay as Faiz
Arjun Sarja as Krishnamurthy
Ajith Kumar as Gold
Prabhu Deva as Ganesh
Arjun das as sanjeev
Prime Minister (PM)
Various Gang Members
Swiss Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) Officials
Rajesh Rao
Andrew
Various Police Officers
Prakash Raj as prakash
Prakash's Men
Vedha's Team Members
Akshay Kumar as Jacob Martinez
Various Associates, Gang Members, and Criminals
2 kings versus one kingpin prakash. Prakash was the major syndicate around the world.
Major drug dealing, human trafficking, gold smuggling and illegal exports. Prakash
had connections all over the world. Prakash's main connections were in India untill
vijay left his syndicate to form one of his own against his. Vijay and Ajith were the
most inseparable even before their rivalry and after their rivalry with their alias
King and gold respectively. Prakash's old dream of forming the greatest empire in
India was a major fail due to vijay. Ganesh the leader of Ganesh gang from India was
the major opponent of prakash forming this empire restricting prakash's boundaries
out of India. After death of Ganesh power struggle caused the return of prakash but
now Diwakar was there to oppose prakash with 2 major syndicate leaders King and Gold
standing behind Diwakar as his strength. The loyalty Diwakar and Shiva showed to King
and king's capability of finding a major associate in India as Diwakar forms the big-
gest syndicate of the world with King and Gold joining alliances.
King gets the Gatling gun in front of the FIS and Vedha with his team. They take
cover. King skillfully move forward. Vedha asks to hold fire as it may cost their
lives if king used the Gatling gun. King's helicopter lands in front of the building.
Shiva, Diwakar, Gold and king get into the helicopter. Vedha asks the FIS to call for
and important meeting and phone calls Krishnamurthy. Krishnamurthy arrives in
Switzerland. Prakash leaves for Mexico. Mexico had seen many drug wars. This escape
to Mexico was for adding an associate, a powerful one. He wanted to form association
with Jacob Martinez, the biggest mafia drug lord of the world. But Jacob Martinez
banish prakash from Mexico after he gets to know who he was against. Even Jacob
Martinez could not go against such a huge syndicate with King and Gold. Jacob didn't
have so many people to go against them too. Jacob would never go against a king kong
and Godzilla of a mafia underworld who have joined hands together. Jacob says to one
of his men "I was once a king kong. Now even I am a human in front of this alliance".
Prakash goes from country to country in search for an alliance, but no one were ready
to go against King and Gold.
Krishnamurthy meanwhile in India, plan for a Covert operation to nab all the Indian
mafia's in other countries and ask for co-operation from all countries. Vedha is
called back to India and discussed about the operation. If there is a single mistake,
the whole team would be killed by the country's legal bodies. It was the first Covert
operation for vedha, so vedha asks Krishnamurthy to Lead the team. RAW named the op-
eration "Operation Peacock". Vedha asks Krishnamurthy "Operation Peacock?".
Krishnamurthy replies "Peacock is out national bird. We are going to catch the free
birds from our nation". Prakash goes for hiding. King and Gold's associates were
searching for Prakash everywhere around the world. King wanted Gold to shoot one bul-
let on Prakash's head which was more than enough to quench the thirst for their re-
venge. Gold is leaving to airport with Diwakar and Shiva when Krishnamurthy and team
take a truck and hit their car. The car flips over. Vedha comes out of the truck with
an AK47 along with the team members. Their cautiously move forward. Gold's body
guards start shooting vedha and team. Vedha takes cover. One of the body guard shoots
the truck's tyre puncturing it. Krishnamurthy opens the sky roof in the truck, uses a
sniper targets the bodyguards and start shooting them one by one. Vedha takes the
area under control and arrest Gold, Shiva and Diwakar. The FIS gets the RAW team a
new truck and take Gold to interrogation and to speak up about King. While they are
on the way, Gold gets a phone call from King. Vedha asks Gold to attend the phone
call and to put it in speaker. The voice of King laughing is heard. Vedha shouts "We
are on our way to arrest you King! Or should I call you Vijay". King laughs more
louder. Gold holds the steel bar in the truck. Diwakar and Shiva follow Gold. The
phone call gets cut and the truck blasts flipping over the container in which Gold,
Shiva, Diwakar and the RAW members were there. The door is cut open and King stood
outside the Container. Behind him were the biggest snipers all targeting the RAW.
King pulls out a sickle from his bodyguard's vest. Vedha and Krishnamurthy come out
of the container and hold gun towards King. Suddenly a helicopter sound is heard. All
look up to see Prakash along with snipers, guns and trucks of men running towards
King. King keeps one leg back pulls out another sickle. Moves forward and starts to
stab all the ones who came with hammers and sickles. Prakash's men with guns and
snipers were being shot by King's men and aback. Switzerland had become a huge war
ground. King had got stabbed many times by now. Gold break open the had cuff and
comes out pushing Krishnamurthy and Vedha. Krishnamurthy and Vedha too join as
prakash's men start hitting them. Shiva and diwakar find a shotgun inside the con-
tainer. They start shooting Prakash's men. Another helicopter comes and all of
Prakash's men stop fighting. The helicopter lands in front of King. Suriya comes out
and shouts to Prakash's men "I sent you guys with prakash not to fight with my
friends King and Gold! I sent you to make prakash surrender in front of King". Suriya
winks at King and Gold and tells "He is all yours my king!". King says "Thank you
Suriya". Suriya walks towards Vedha and tells "I know about you and Krishnamurthy's
covert operation 'operation peacock', but you cannot even come close to what they
are. All the best!". Suriya pulls out a cigar from his blazer, burns it and sits on
the helicopter and flies. Vedha asks Krishnamurthy "why wasn't he there in our
list?". Krishnamurthy replies "Even I didn't know about this another syndicate. We
have no time to waste. We have to catch all of them now! We won't get any better
chance than this. We can see about suriya later". Suriya's men shoot the helicopter's
wing. Helicopter goes down. Prakash jumps with a parachute. Suriya's men catch him
and bring prakash in front of King. King asks suriya's men to leave. King takes the
shot gun from shiva's hand and gives it to Gold. King says "You know what to do!".
Gold recoils the gun and shoots on Prakash's head. Prakash's head burst open and
there was blood all over. Suddenly a voice is heard "We would like you to put the gun
down and surrender to us. We are the FIS". The FIS had come in helicopter. Gold puts
the gun down and raises his hand. King and Shiva too put their hands up. Diwakar re-
coils his shotgun and aims at the helicopter and shoots at its wings. The helicopter
goes down. The FIS comes in cars. RAW arrest All of them and take them to India.
[Interval]
In India
At the Delhi airport, there was full high security so that no-one could escape.
Airport was completely rushed as Diwakar's associates had been waiting for them to
arrive. As soon as Shiva, Diwakar, Gold along with RAW come outside the airport the
RAW's vehicle blasts. All of the associates start pushing the police and security
guards. All of them get enraged and start shouting. Few associates throw motolov
cocktail towards the RAW members. They try to clear the crowd and enter another vehi-
cle and moves away from the crowd towards the RAW headquarters. As soon as they enter
the CBI office, the Crime Division Director Mohan (as Vikram) asks "You guys went to
catch King but brought his associates Shiva, Diwakar and his friend Gold?".
At Zurich Airport
King, Gold, Shiva and Diwakar are hand-cuffed and taken inside the airport. Suddenly
the FIS arrive and say "King is a Citizen of Switzerland. So we want to arrest him.
Please handover him to us. The rest 3 are good to go". Krishnamurthy hands over King
to the FIS. Vedha tells to Krishnamurthy "We have wasted out sweat and time on King,
without him what can we do?". Krishnamurthy replies "Don't worry, what we were plan-
ning to do in India will be done by the FIS in Switzerland to King. We will take them
back to India". Listening to this Mohan cools down and says "Ok good. Now lets start
the interrogation". Mohan suddenly gets a phone call. Mohan shakes his head and tells
to vedha and Krishnamurthy "These three have got bail. Their vehicle is standing in
front of the headquarters". Vedha is shocked and he runs to see who had got bail for
them. There stood a rolls Royce. The door opens and King comes out. Vedha is shocked
and asks King "How did you come out?". King replies "It is easier to get my guys bail
from RAW than to get out from FIS's hands. It is just a matter of time as I have my
associates in FIS but it took some time. But here, I just contacted the biggest
lawyer if India and paid him the money he asked for at that instant and I got the
bail". Vedha moves back. Gold, Shiva and Diwakar enter into the car. King enters the
RAW headquarters. As soon as he starts to speak with Krishnamurthy a blast is heard.
King runs out to see his car blasted. Diwakar was outside the car crying. King runs
towards Diwakar and asks what happened. Diwakar says "I suddenly got a phone call.
The voice wasn't audible. Thats why I came out and I heard him saying "Tell goodbye
to King, Gold and Shiva. You come to me in a while and I need your help" ". King asks
the RAW if they can find the caller but in return they arrest Diwakar and King for
blasting a car in front of RAW headquarters threatening the officials. King and
Diwakar is arrested and is not let to contact any lawyer as it was a sensitive case.
The RAW manipulated King's voice in front of Krishnamurthy saying this is what is go-
ing to happen to the headquarters after the blast sound is heard. Diwakar was accused
as the person who fit the bomb killing the accused Gold and Shiva. There was no es-
cape for Diwakar and King. As King had Switzerland citizenship, he was accused as
Vijay, an ex-convict who escaped his execution and Vijay was an Indian. His finger-
print also matched so they had no doubt now. King was now even accused for impersoni-
fication. The Court punished them for 8 years in Tihar jail. King and Diwakar plan
for an escape. According to their plan, at exact 2.30am the lights will shutdown for
2 minutes exact. At that time they have to bring King's helicopter and they can es-
cape. The escape goes as planned. They sit in the helicopter. The guards were am-
bushed seeing this escape. The RAW were once again called to find King and Diwakar.
The helicopter comes in the radar of the RAW. Vedha takes a sniper finds King and
Diwakar siting in the helicopter. He aims and shoots the blades of the helicopter.
The helicopter falls into the forest nearby. Immediately they start searching for
King's and Diwakar's body as both were not found near the helicopter. So they might
have escaped. They search the whole forest but their body was not found. Vedha takes
his car and goes to his home. Opens his car trunk and looks at Diwakar and King taped
and tied with a rope. He takes them inside his home. King's leg was wounded. Diwakar
was completely soaked in blood. Vedha tells them "You only had to stay in the jail
for 8 years for your crime. People whom you are selling drugs have made their lives
jail by using them. You will sit in some country and laugh! But lives are being lost
here. Wat explanation do you have for this? Thats why I planned to blast you, Gold,
Shiva and Diwakar but you and Diwakar escaped. Now I am going to kill you". King
replies "I created this empire to find Prakash and kill him but I haven't sold any
drugs. I only did Gold-trafficking. When I lost my family and ajith's family itself i
burnt all the godowns of prakash storing drugs. I just tried to gain power but I
didn't ruin anyone's life". Vedha replies "when I got the case, the mission was to
find King, te biggest mafia who holds the biggest syndicate in India. If I wanted, I
could have finished you at Switzerland itself but I wanted you to realise and i
wanted you to die in the country you were born". Vedha takes out his gun. King who
was tied in a chair kicks vedha. Vedha falls down. King and Diwakar face opposite
such that Diwakar's hand reaches king's knot and king's hand reaches Diwakar's knot.
Both untie eachother. Vedha punches King. King pushed vedha to the door kicks him.
Diwakar finds an axe in the corner of the room. Vedha pushes King. Diwakar gives the
axe to King. King uses the blunt end of the axe and hits vedha. Diwakar opens the
door and runs away. Vedha tries to catch Diwakar. King tries to strangle Vedha using
a rope. Vedha laughs and says "This is what your people are loyal to you! Look he ran
away". As he says this suddenly Diwakar comes with a hammer. Diwakar starts hitting
vedha using the hammer until he dies. King comes out of the house and sees that
Krishnamurthy had surrounded the house along with police and RAW Agents. King tries
to run and is shot. King runs inside vedha's house opens the gas cylinder and blasts
the house.
Few days later
Krishnamurthy closes the case saying all of them are dead. He goes to vedha's funeral
consoles his parents and wife. Krishnamurthy drives back to RAW headquarters. He asks
Mohan to get details on the current status of Attam gang and Ganesh gang. After a
month, mohan sends the report. Attam gang and Ganesh gang was destroyed completely.
Each of its allies had started to work in some or the other place. It had become
drug-free after Prakash was killed. King and Gold were the biggest syndicate in the
world but they were away from such businesses. Even the biggest Jacob Martinez
avoided to enter with the drug business in India just because of the Two people King
and Gold. We cannot call them as gods but they were not the Devils too. The Biggest
drug war had ended. The world was though not yet free from illegal businesses as
there are few people still operating outside India like Jacob Martinez, Suriya and
many more. Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad was becoming abstinent from drugs. The
drug war in the world is not going to end in the near future but it's our work to
catch them if found. Next day in the news Krishnamurthy sees "An end to the begin-
ning, the old mafia 'king' was dead few days back but according to the latest reports
a new King has arrived....... Along with......... A new Gold!". Krishnamurthy heads
towards the Headquarters. After immediate discussions Krishnamurthy and Mohan immedi-
ately head to Switzerland. According to Vedha's report they head to king's house.
Krishnamurthy and Mohan and welcomed inside by the guards. They both wait at the liv-
ing room for The new King and Gold to arrive. They are amused to see Shiva and
Diwakar still alive. Shiva Became the new King and Diwakar became the new Gold. (
During the bomb blast Shiva had not entered the car. Shiva goes behind vedha. He sees
vedha hold the bomb, before he could react the bomb blasts and Shiva goes to hiding.
During the gas blast Diwakar enters into the refrigerator helping him to survive the
blast while King Died) Krishnamurthy asks "So this doesn't end here?". Shiva replies
"The First Chapter of our story ended few days back. This is the beginning of the
Second chapter. The eradication of drugs for which you framed our beloved King and
Gold. We were the ones who gave the Attam gang and Ganesh gang jobs. We will see who
is going to win this game". Mohan tells "when are we starting the game?". Diwakar
replies "In the intricate web of conquest and domination, beginnings are the founda-
tion upon which empires rise. It is in the inception of our schemes that the seeds of
power are sown, and the path to supremacy is laid bare. While the world may celebrate
the pomp of the end, it is the cunning machinations of the start that truly shape our
reign. So, heed my words and grasp the significance of beginnings, for they hold the
key to unraveling the destiny that I, shall forge with iron will and unyielding
resolve".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- King The Triology.pdf ---

KING: THE TRIOLOGY
KING PART 1:SHIVA AND DIWAKAR
"India has been importing drugs for many reasons out of which 357 billion Indian ru-
pees of drugs are imported by Pharmaceutical companies for making medicines. The
highest drug exporting country is Germany but it is only for pharmaceutical needs.
Our target is in Switzerland the second highest drug exporting country. According to
CBI records somebody named king who is an Indian is the mastermind of this narcotic
empire. I Krishnamurthy the Secretary of RAW, appoint Vedha to go to Switzerland and
find out King." Krishnamurthy says. Vedha comes and takes his Target details he was
not supposed to kill him but being him arrested in India. Vedha leaves to
Switzerland.
George is a French Gangstar who travels between France, Switzerland and Germany for
drug dealings. He has a small associate in India. That gang is currently based in
Chennai. The Gang is currently called Attam gang lead by George's Indian Right hand
Sanjeev. This attam gang is prone to make major gang wars in Chennai. There is an-
other gang in Chennai the Ganesh Gang lead my M.Ganesh pandi aka Ganesh. Ganesh Gang
and Attam gang are Rivals even though they had the same motive which was drug ped-
dling. In one Gang war Ganesh dies. He was killed by Sanjeev. Ganesh Gang was in a
situation to choose the next Gang leader. Faiz Ahmed Ganesh's Right hand declares
Ganesh's Son Diwakar as the next Gang leader. Every body agreed but Diwakar wanted to
meet King before him getting declared as the Gang leader, but King was considered as
an enemy to Ganesh Gang. Shiva had just joined the Gang 4 months back. Shiva was ex-
cellent in handling guns and had good record for whatever job they had given him.
Hence, Faiz asks Shiva to accompany Diwakar. Shiva and Diwakar leave to Switzerland.
Sanjeev gets to know about the new Gang leader Diwakar. Sanjeev decides to finish
Diwakar. To Kill Diwakar, Sanjeev leaves to Switzerland.
Inside the flight, Shiva and Diwakar have a business class ticket. There was nobody
in the business class. Sanjeev bribes the flight attendant to give him access to
Business class. After paying a hefty amount of 1 lakh in cash, the flight attendant
gives Sanjeev a seat near Shiva and Diwakar's seat. Shiva asks Diwakar "why do you
want to see King?" Diwakar replies "You will get to know as soon we meet him".
Sanjeev gets shocked hearing King's name. Suddenly there was a loud shout from the
people in economy. Shiva gets up to see what it was. As Shiva moves forward he gets
to know a group had hijacked the flight. Shiva grabs his gun. Sanjeev gets shocked
seeing Shiva had gun in the flight. Shiva shoots the group calmly and hands the gun
to a man. He shouts" He is the one who shot. He is a RAW agent named Vedha. Vedha
will take in charge". Vedha looks shocked. Nobody except the RAW knew he was on this
mission. Vedha slides into the business class. He sees Shiva sitting next to Diwakar.
Vedha to himself " he must have caught Diwakar and maybe Diwakar has some connection
to king. He must be A RAW agent". Vedha now asks Shiva " Brother what's your name?".
Shiva replies "My name is Shiva. I know you might be shocked but you will soon get to
know". As Vedha turns around he sees Sanjeev. Vedha knew something was fishy around
people from attam gang and Ganesh Gang together in same flight in same class. The
flight lands at Zurich Airport. Diwakar asks Shiva "How do you know he was from RAW".
Shiva replies " I not only know that he is RAW but also know that Sanjeev was in our
flight in the same class". Diwakar asks "How?!". Shiva replies "I checked the
Passenger list through a friend of mine and collected information about them".
Diwakar is shocked at his reply and says "You scare me". Shiva laughs and they go to
The alpina gstaad hotel. They check in. Take rest for the rest of the day and the
next morning they go to Rhine falls. After a good sight seeing come back to the ho-
tel. Sanjeev was following them the whole time. Next day, Diwakar Calls his Swiss
friend Jayant to meet him at Chapel bridge the evening. In the evening Jayant arrives
at Chapel bridge. Diwakar asks jayant " How can we meet King?". Jayant says" take his
name slowly if any of his associates is in this area then we even can die. To meet
Mr.Him you must meet Mr.S, that's how people call him. But according to latest infor-
mation George had tried to kill him 6 Months back. We don't know if he is dead or
alive. I think we can contact king using some associate but we must find who is an
associate to king". Sanjeev was viewing the discussion from a distance but was unable
to hear it. Vedha was also following them the whole time. Vedha had heard the conver-
sation between Diwakar and jayant by fixing a bug on the bridge silently. Shiva asks
" How do you know so much about contacting king?". Jayant replies " I wanted to join
king's gang but to contact him we needed Mr.S. Nobody has seen Mr.S except the gang.
If anyone sees him who is not going to join the gang or be an associate was dead. The
day i got appointment to Mr.S is the day the news of suspicion of death came. He was
missing nearly for 1 week before they announced him dead. Mr.S and king are of same
type only selected members who have seen them are alive". Shiva, Diwakar and jayant
decide to find an associate of King. They go back to hotel. Shiva says to Diwakar "
If jayant could not find an associate of King in 6 months how is he going to find an
associate for us in a short period of time?". Diwakar replies "We will see. He even
might find. Who knows?". Shiva seems to distrust Jayant. Suddenly the door breaks
open. Jayant and Sanjeev is seen holding a gun. Sanjeev on bed is shocked. Shiva
slips his gun slowly into his hand. He shoot but the shot misses. Shiva shoots again.
This time the bullet hits jayant's arm. Shiva runs towards his bed and ducks. Shiva
takes cover. Jayant is not going to stop. Diwakar was also taking cover with the bed.
Shiva shoots again. This time it his Sanjeev's abdomen. The next shot of Shiva head
shot's jayant. Jayant falls down. Diwakar meanwhile grabs a gun and starts to shoot.
After looking at Jayant fallen down, Sanjeev runs down the hall way. Diwakar and
Shiva chase him. Sanjeev tries to shoot them but misses every time. Suddenly a car
comes. Sanjeev enters the car and goes. Diwakar says" It might be George's men". A
sound "It is not George's men but it's George himself". Shiva and Diwakar turn to see
George. George walks towards Shiva and Diwakar. George says "Have I seen you both
anytime?" Pointing at Shiva and Diwakar. "Not together but seen you both before".
Diwakar says "You might have seen me with my father Ganesh". George replies"Oh yes!
Ganesh my old enemy whom I only asked my associate Sanjeev to kill". Diwakar stiffs
his hand as if he was going to hit him. Looking at that Shiva pats his back to cool
him down. George says "I have come to give you last warning that if your gang ever
puts your head in my business I'll burn down your whole gang by myself". Diwakar and
Shiva stand speechless looking at George turn and enter his Bentley and go. Shiva and
Diwakar walk back to the hotel in despair for the insult they got from George. As
soon as they enter the hotel, The hotel staffs ask Diwakar and Shiva to vacate the
hotel paying for the losses. Diwakar pays the amount and pack their bags vacate the
hotel. They change the hotel to Ultima gstaad. They settle down.
Shiva says Diwakar" What are you thinking? I have an idea to take revenge. According
to my assumption George and King are Rivals the same way of Attam gang and Ganesh
Gang. If we join as an associate to King then taking revenge is like snap of our fin-
gers. Diwakar replies "I know that. That is the reason I came to Switzerland to meet
King". Diwakar in his mind "King....... How does he look........ How to meet
him?....... God please help me find him......". Vedha meets an old friend who is con-
sidered as an associate to King. Vedha and his friend Vivek is seen shaking hands.
Diwakar is in despair. Shiva breaks a mirror in the bathroom in anger.
[Interval]
Shiva gets a phone call. It was Vedha. Vedha says "I found an associate of King. You
are also a RAW agent right. It's a confidential matter. I request you to come near
Chapel bridge at 12 today". Shiva says Diwakar"I think we got an associate to meet
King". Shiva reaches the chapel bridge on time. Vedha was waiting for the associate.
After a long wait of 3 hours they decide to go back to their respective hotels. Many
people take selfies here but Vedha sees people taking photos of something under the
bridge. Vedha and Shiva come to one side of the bank to see Vivek his friend who was
an associate to King hanged dead below the bridge. Shiva says bye to Vedha and
leaves. When Diwakar asks what had happened, Shiva tells him the whole story. Diwakar
is in great displeasure. Vedha is shocked. Vedha goes to the Swiss police and asks
for help but they are too scared to go against King. Shiva and Diwakar decide to
blast George's house in Switzerland with the RDX they brought from India. Diwakar and
Shiva fix the bombs and blast George's house. George is shocked and angry and asks to
find out who had blasted the house. Sanjeev finds out that the RDX used to make Bomb
was made in India. Sanjeev concludes it is none other than Diwakar and Shiva.
George sends some of his men. In search of Diwakar and Shiva. Finally George gets a
call that Diwakar and Shiva were found in an old abandoned factory where they were
creating bombs using RDX. George reaches the factory. By the time he reaches, Diwakar
and Shiva had killed George's men. Diwakar threatens George to Blast his house in
France if he doesn't leave the place that second. As soon as George gets into his
car, George gets a phone call saying his house in France was blown up. George comes
out of Car and says" I am going to kill both of you. Wait untill my boss the mega
boss 'Gold' come to Switzerland from Russia". Diwakar says "Gold or silver I don't
care. I have King in mg side". George gets raged and leaves from the factory. Shiva
asks Diwakar "why did you take King's name. Did you meet him?". Diwakar replies "No!
I just made him scared". It was international balloon festival, Diwakar and Shiva im-
plant a bomb in the balloon. The balloon was remote controlled. Shiva controls the
balloon and stops the ballon in front of George's car. George gets out. The hot air
balloon blasts and the Bentley gets destroyed. George walks all his way to Swiss Alps
which was about 6km from his location. George calls for a helicopter after reaching
Alps. George rides in his helicopter and lands it in front of his exporting company
'EXPO TRANSPORTATION'. He then search for his favorite gun STG-44 and fills it with
bullet. He starts getting ready for a war.
Vedha was knowing what has been happening in Switzerland. Vedha had got to know Shiva
is not a RAW agent. Vedha decides to confront Shiva. Vedha calls Shiva and tells he
knows how to contact king. Shiva immediately goes to Vedha. Vedha says "I know that
you are not a RAW. You are from Ganesh Gang right??. I shouldn't have trusted you".
Shiva tells "You don't trust me but hear what i want to say. Even i have come in
search of King. Me and Diwakar have been searching and doing numerous jobs to Get to
king but all were unsuccessful that's when you called me. But the associate was
dead". Vedha asks Shiva to go away and never come in front of him ever again. Shiva
goes to Diwakar and tells what happened. Diwakar gets a call from George. George asks
Diwakar and Shiva to come to Chapel bridge if they want to see King dead. Shiva dials
a number and says "It's time location Chapel bridge". Shiva and Diwakar reach Chapel
bridge. George was going to shoot both when a helicopter lands near the back of the
river. A man comes down. He walks in slow motion. George shouts "Who is this now!!!".
The man comes near George and says it's not time for them to die. It's time for you
to die for creating such big nuisance in my gang". He takes a MP-40 and continuously
shoot George's men and leaves sanjeev and George. George Shouts"who do you think you
are?" The man responds"They call me King [THALAPATHY VIJAY] ". Sanjeev looks shocked.
George's face turns red. Sanjeev tries to run but King shoots him direct head shot.
Shiva keeps his right hand on his left chest showing respect he bows down. King
shoots George stating King doesn't give warning that he will burn down a complete
gang but instead burns down the whole gang and shows the gang leader who the real
king is". King shoots George.
King comes near Diwakar and says "You wanted to see the king? Here i am. Want to join
as an associate you are welcome". King says to Shiva" Shiva it's enough. Your job is
done. Get up and explain him the whole thing".
[FlashBack]
"Shiva relates to S, I am Mr.S. George's men try to kill me but i kill them call
George and say that Mr.S Is dead according to what King told Me to say. We needed an
associate in India. We chose the associate to be Ganesh Gang because they were
against Attam gang which was an associate of George's Gang. Then i joined your gang
and showed that i am loyal. But you what didn't notice was such a person with short
experience was chosen to accompany you. This was the game Faiz played to kill you and
become the Gang leader of Ganesh Gang. I had to do an action such that you thought i
was not a member of King's Gang. But now..... What...... Happened to Vedha".
Vedha took photos of King and Mr.S and shares it to RAW and writes "Found out who
Mr.S and King is. The first exclusive Pictures of both".
King replies"Now Vedha would have taken images of ours and shared it to RAW.
According to Our plan it's happening we are now a living existence rather than a
thought of fear. Now everyone will know who is going to come for them". Diwakar
replies"George's Gang is also an alliance to your Rival then who is Your real Rival
gang?". Shiva replies "Gold's Gang". King asks Diwakar to get into his helicopter and
stay at king's house. The helicopter takes off.
Vedha "I request raw to analyse the king's image and shore the original details of
King immediately".
At King's place Diwakar is shocked to see the rich architecture of kings house.
Diwakar eats dinner and goes to sleep. King has Discussions about Ganesh Gang and
Diwakar. King gets to know what has happened in Chennai.
Next morning when Diwakar wakes up and asks why Shiva looks gloomy. Shiva replies
"We.... Have .......a ...... Bad news from Chennai........ Faiz is an associate to
Gold and now Faiz has become the Gang leader of Ganesh Gang".
Diwakar knew something like this was going to happen and ignores the news. King
wishes Diwakar good morning. Diwakar eats breakfast and asks to speak with king
privately.
RAW analyses king's image and checks all the previous crime records and finds out a
report of his original name. They share it to Vedha.
Diwakar asks King "Like Shiva is called Mr.S you will also have a real name right.
can you tell me the real name of yours?".
Vedha opens the file stating original name of King.
It was a 20 year old case file from Chennai.
It started" Original name of King:Vijay
DOB:22nd June 1974
DOD:2nd December 2007
Reason for death:Hanged for crime".
King is seen winking his eyes at Diwakar.
[Screen goes black and 2 gun shot sound is heard.]
Sound of King "The Game of Chess has Just begun"
[Post credit scene: King as the kingpin of chennai selling drugs in the area has to
be hanged to death order by the PM of India]
KING PART 2:GOLD
The earliest form of the game that's now called chess can be dated back to India in
the sixth century. Like the modern game, this predecessor, called chaturanga was
played on an 8x8 grid and featured pieces generally similar to those of modern chess.
The Game of Chess had just begun. One side was king whose face had been know by RAW
now. The other side is Gold. Gold was just another king in the game of Chess. Both
had the same power. Both did the same work. Both had similar positions between the
associates. Both had the Crime syndicate of Illegal drug dealings and Gold smuggling.
In the game of chess there are very few chances of the game becoming a draw. Only the
most powerful king wins. Winning is not killing the opponent but it is capturing the
opponent. The king who won the battle decides what happens to the opponent king. King
had a plan.
After asking the question king gives a pause and then replies "My name used to be
Vijay. But Vijay died on 2nd December 2007. That was the day king was born. To reach
this position...................... I don't want to waste your mood saying i did
hardwork and killed many gangsters for reaching this position but i will surely tell
that i killed many. Now it will be in your mind why i brought brought you here and am
i going to kill you. Your assumption is wrong" The window right behind king breaks. 4
men enter throught the window. King asks Diwakar to take the olympia rifle from the
cupboard. Diwakar throws it towards king. Diwakar gets a desert eagle will bullets
which he puts in his pocket and starts shooting the men. The men had G18. They were
continuously shooting and king and Diwakar. Both take cover using a table. King loads
the gun and head shots one man. The other 3 continuously shoot at the table. They
come near the table with their gun pointing towards the table. Diwakar takes his Gun
and shoots the 3 people to death. King and Diwakar come out of the room. Shiva was
trying to shoot more men coming inside through the door. They shoot all men leaving
one. King goes out. All of king's men who were for his security were dead. Only the
associates who were not in the compound were safe. King goes to the home of the dead
and give them money for the betterment and for their future. King after coming back
home tells Diwakar a story "I had a friend named Ajith. He had a family. We were an
associate to Prakash syndicate. They were the major drug lords at that time. Now they
are at the sky we can't touch. I was the one who added Ajith to this syndicate as an
associate. I didn't know that would cost his and his family's life. As i got caught
due to the largest drug trafficking in india the PM and court ordered to hang me to
death. As i got caught Ajith also was caught. We had a small fight in jail that his
family was going to starve because of me and the syndicate. The day of hanging came.
To save Ajith's family i replaced him and me with another people and they were
hanged. Ajith was missing after that. Ajith didn't know that i the one who saved him.
With the name of "Drug dealer's wife and children" unable to bear the pain of death
unknowing that he was not dead she does suicide. That's when i saw Ajith last. I
heard only one news after that. It was that Ajith was killed by Prakash. Ajith was
cut into 100's of pieces and thrown in different parts of the world. To take that re-
venge i left their syndicate and began my own syndicate and started to become a big-
ger syndicate but never able to cope up. That's when i got another Rival Gold. Like
Ajith and his family died because of me i don't want any other family to die because
of me". Shiva comes out and tells " The man we got has told that it was Gold's asso-
ciate who sent to kill king".
Vedha leaves to India. Krishnamurthy says" You have done a good job Vedha. Your work
is done. You will be assigned a new job soon". Vedha replies "How can you call me
back to India sir?. Some huge drug war is going to happen around the world and india
will be the root cause because all are indians over there. What will india answer to
the world?. Do you know what people will think of Indians?. I was assigned for find-
ing who king was but now I think i must find Gold and the Prakash syndicate too. I
will find it out if the organisation is supporting me or not". Suddenly PM enters the
scene. PM give the official permission to find who Gold and Prakash syndicate leaders
are and to stop this war. PM assigns an whole team to Vedha. Now the whole team leave
to Switzerland.
"Gold........I feel like i know him. He has the same movements like me the same way
both king's have same power in the game of chess. I want to see atleast a glance of
him" king said to Shiva. Shiva and Diwakar have a conversation privately and go in
front of King. Diwakar says "there is a way to find who Gold is. Gold's men know that
you took me here. But they don't know what is happening here. That's why me and Shiva
discussed and came to a conclusion that i am going to join Gold's associate and begin
to decode you Gold's face". King "Gold's men don't know what happened here though
they might think we have a good relationship. How are you going to change your im-
age?". Shiva says "If we hire some jailers from Gold's Gang who went to jail attack-
ing us once. Diwakar will be hunted by them and beaten to death. Gold's men at that
time will come to rescue Diwakar and ask him to join their associate. That's when our
game begins". King replies "ok then start works for that".
Meanwhile in India,
Attam gang's remaining associates join hands with faiz. They rename the gang name as
Golden Gang. Golden gang is the gang associated with Gold's Gang. The similarity be-
tween them was all of them wore a gold ring with the name 'Gold' embossed on it. Faiz
was the gang leader. The people who were from Ganesh Gang who went against them were
killed and body was thrown to wild dogs. Faiz was considered the most dreaded
Gangstar in India.
As soon as arrangement was made the whole thing worked as their plan. Diwakar beaten
up by the men face full of blood looking as if he wanted to seek revenge from king
was taken before Gold. Gold's face was not seen as it was a dark room with very lit-
tle light source and gold was wearing a hoodie. Gold " I once had a friend named
Vijay. He joined me to a gang and that gang took life of my life and i thought so my
friend too but the thing i nt know was he had played against me with that syndicate.
What should you call that friend?". Diwakar replies "I now know that you know king is
Vijay. This means you are Ajith". Gold's face is seen [Gold as Ajith kumar] .Diwakar
continues" king told me the truth what you think is wrong". Gold replies" You now
don't need to teach me what is right and what is wrong. With this sentence of yours,
i now got to know that this was yours and king's plan to trap me". Gold asks his men
to kill Diwakar. Diwakar starts laughing. Diwakar says"If we made a plan to know who
you are would we make plan to catch you?".
[Flashback]
King replies "ok then start works for that". Diwakar says "If he gets to know it's
our plan what will we do?". King replies "You need not worry about that. Shiva and my
associates will be covering you".
Gold's men are standing at gun point by King's associates. Gold stands in front of
Diwakar and says"I already died once as Ajith but i am gold, gold never dies. "I felt
like it was you from a long time" king comes from behind. King and Gold look at ea-
chother face to face.
[Interval]
Few days ago
Vedha reaches Switzerland. Indian government asks Switzerland government to co-oper-
ate with the mission. Before arriving at Switzerland, Vedha starts from the root
takes Vijay's case file. Goes to Vijay's grave. Identifies the body as another
person's body. He declared vijay is king. He then goes to Ajith's grave, the result
was same. Vedha asks the police to give him the missing case files of that year.
There were 90 missing complaints out which 30 were found, 20 dead and 40 still re-
mains a mystery. "Out of these 40 people were there any whose family members had not
come and instead a friend has come to give complaint and is from a different state
working as a daily wager?" Asks vedha. The police officer filters them into 15 such
cases, when the police went to enquire out of these 15, 5 people had no family or
parents. "Out of these 5 people who went missing within the 1 week before Ajith and
Vijay were going to be executed?" Vedha asks. Police officer replies "2 men, both of
them were reported the same day and were working in the same place". Vedha asks "who
are they?". "Rajesh Rao and Andrew" replied the police officer. Vedha says "Vijay's
and Ajith's face were covered while taking to execution. Now I'm sure it is Rajesh
Rao and Andrew who died instead of Ajith and Vijay". Ajith was later recovered in 100
pieces from different parts of the world.
In Switzerland
Vedha tries to find Diwakar and Shiva who were seen with King aka Vijay few days
back. Vedha and team goes to each and every hotel they stayed. Finally they thought
Diwakar and Shiva are taken by king to kill both. The FIS aka Federal intelligence
service from Switzerland were called for help by the RAW for this mission. They
checked airports daily for any information on Diwakar going back to India. There were
no results in any field when finally they get a footage of Diwakar going back to
India in a private plane. Vedha rushes to Zurich Airport. Vedha asks to find the name
of the flight. The private plane is Boeing 787-8 BBJ. The owner name is King. The
plane is currently travelling towards India. Vedha asks "when is the next flight to
India?". The officials reply" Sir, it's 12pm now. We have a Quatar airways flight at
4.40pm and it's the fastest you will reach Chennai by 9am though you might have to
catch an Air Indigo flight in the stop too". Vedha replies "Team stay here. I'll go
to Chennai and will be back at the earliest after catching Diwakar". The team agrees
and Vedha leaves back to India.
In India
Diwakar is followed by Vedha. Diwakar goes to his area. Faiz and gang were waiting
for Diwakar to come. As soon as Faiz got down from the cab a man runs towards Diwakar
to stab. The man was shot by a person sitting inside the cab. Another door opens and
Shiva comes out. 2 men come attacking towards both. Both were again shot. The door
opens and king comes out holding a gun. Vedha was watching this from a distance. Faiz
looks shocked at king himself standing in front of him. There were about 50 people
with faiz and against them were king,Shiva and Diwakar. King looks back. Vedha looks
shocked as King was looking directly at Vedha. King looks forward grabs 2 Lupara and
hands over them to Shiva and Diwakar each with bullets. After all were shot only Faiz
remained. Faiz knew he had lost everything. Diwakar says to Faiz "you thought that if
i go finding king, king would kill me but your assumptions were wrong. We are now an
associate to King's Gang. If you tell us where Gold resides we will let you live or
else you choose your own death". King takes a chair sit directly opposite to Faiz
waiting for him to make a decision. After some time Faiz responds " Gold resides in
Basel city. The city in Switzerland with most violent acts ever recorded. If you want
to enter that place then you must be a man of Gold. Now please leave me. I'll leave
chennai forever". Diwakar grabs a gun and responds" Why should we leave you? Again
prepare and stab us back again from behind? No way we are giving it a chance". Before
faiz could think anything Diwakar shoots Faiz to death. Diwakar says "chennai is not
for me anymore. I request you o'king to take me to your Gang". King replies "I knew
you would join. If you fly with us back to Switzerland you are officially a member of
King's Gang".
In Switzerland
Prakash was preparing for a battle. A battle between two king's and a kingmaker.
Prakash was never alone in his syndicate. King knew that prakash wasn't alone and he
had somebody backing him.
Current day
While both are looking face to face a gun is shot between them. Both turns towards
the direction from which the bullet came from. Prakash walks towards them and says
"Welcome to you both to Switzerland. I knew something was wrong in your deaths. And
now I'm here. In front of you". Prakash's men had surrounded the building. Prakash
takes King's gun. Vedha was upstairs and nobody knew he was here. He was looking at
the whole Chaos in front of him. King had gun on gold and Gold's men had gun on King.
King's men had gun on Gold's men and prakash's men had gun on King's men. Prakash has
gun on both gold and King. King started laughing and says "Your few men are standing
outside the building where i kept land mines. One guy moves all die". One man moves
from the land mine and all the men of prakash standing outside are killed. "Outside
you may have control but inside its my control." Prakash says. Prakash's men load the
gun to shoot. king says "your men are reloading gun now. My guns are always loaded!".
King's men start shooting prakash's men. Looking at that Gold's men firing too.
Prakash is hit by king. Prakash's gun flies away. Gold is shocked. Prakash says "I
killed you both once. But now again. Don't make me kill you guys again". Gold hears
this and understands that king is innocent and the main villain of their story is
Prakash. Vedha calls the cops to come to the location immediately. Prakash runs and
grabs his gun. He points the gun at king. Prakash's gun is shot by Diwakar and the
gun again flies away. Prakash punches king. Gold grabs a chair and breaks it over
prakash's back. prakash takes his walkie talkie and says "get the chopper now!". The
chopper comes directly above the building some men with bulletproof jacket and gun.
They secure prakash and takes him on the chopper.bKing says "I wanted you to hear
from prakash that i am innocent that's the reason i shared the location with prakash
and wanted to finish him there. But he escaped. He has influence here in Switzerland.
The Swiss cops arrive at location. Vedha comes down the building and asks the cops to
hold fire. King, Gold, Diwakar and Shiva are in the building. Vedha pulls out a mi-
crophone and says "King and Gold! Listen carefully. We have surrounded the building.
It's better to surrender to us or else we will start shooting". King asks everyone to
take cover. King tries to find anything useful in the building. He finds a chest in a
corner below the stairs. King opens it and smiles. Vedha asks the cops to fire. The
firing stops. King comes out with a Gatling gun. The building they used to store am-
munition to defend the Swiss land during the French invasion of Switzerland.
KING PART 3: THE KINGMAKER
2 kings versus one kingpin prakash. Prakash was the major syndicate around the world.
Major drug dealing, human trafficking, gold smuggling and illegal exports. Prakash
had connections all over the world. Prakash's main connections were in India untill
vijay left his syndicate to form one of his own against his. Vijay and Ajith were the
most inseparable even before their rivalry and after their rivalry with their alias
King and gold respectively. Prakash's old dream of forming the greatest empire in
India was a major fail due to vijay. Ganesh the leader of Ganesh gang from India was
the major opponent of prakash forming this empire restricting prakash's boundaries
out of India. After death of Ganesh power struggle caused the return of prakash but
now Diwakar was there to oppose prakash with 2 major syndicate leaders King and Gold
standing behind Diwakar as his strength. The loyalty Diwakar and Shiva showed to King
and king's capability of finding a major associate in India as Diwakar forms the big-
gest syndicate of the world with King and Gold joining alliances.
King gets the Gatling gun in front of the FIS and Vedha with his team. They take
cover. King skillfully move forward. Vedha asks to hold fire as it may cost their
lives if king used the Gatling gun. King's helicopter lands in front of the building.
Shiva, Diwakar, Gold and king get into the helicopter. Vedha asks the FIS to call for
and important meeting and phone calls Krishnamurthy. Krishnamurthy arrives in
Switzerland. Prakash leaves for Mexico. Mexico had seen many drug wars. This escape
to Mexico was for adding an associate, a powerful one. He wanted to form association
with Jacob Martinez, the biggest mafia drug lord of the world. But Jacob Martinez
banish prakash from Mexico after he gets to know who he was against. Even Jacob
Martinez could not go against such a huge syndicate with King and Gold. Jacob didn't
have so many people to go against them too. Jacob would never go against a king kong
and Godzilla of a mafia underworld who have joined hands together. Jacob says to one
of his men "I was once a king kong. Now even I am a human in front of this alliance".
Prakash goes from country to country in search for an alliance, but no one were ready
to go against King and Gold.
Krishnamurthy meanwhile in India, plan for a Covert operation to nab all the Indian
mafia's in other countries and ask for co-operation from all countries. Vedha is
called back to India and discussed about the operation. If there is a single mistake,
the whole team would be killed by the country's legal bodies. It was the first Covert
operation for vedha, so vedha asks Krishnamurthy to Lead the team. RAW named the op-
eration "Operation Peacock". Vedha asks Krishnamurthy "Operation Peacock?".
Krishnamurthy replies "Peacock is out national bird. We are going to catch the free
birds from our nation". Prakash goes for hiding. King and Gold's associates were
searching for Prakash everywhere around the world. King wanted Gold to shoot one bul-
let on Prakash's head which was more than enough to quench the thirst for their re-
venge. Gold is leaving to airport with Diwakar and Shiva when Krishnamurthy and team
take a truck and hit their car. The car flips over. Vedha comes out of the truck with
an AK47 along with the team members. Their cautiously move forward. Gold's body
guards start shooting vedha and team. Vedha takes cover. One of the body guard shoots
the truck's tyre puncturing it. Krishnamurthy opens the sky roof in the truck, uses a
sniper targets the bodyguards and start shooting them one by one. Vedha takes the
area under control and arrest Gold, Shiva and Diwakar. The FIS gets the RAW team a
new truck and take Gold to interrogation and to speak up about King. While they are
on the way, Gold gets a phone call from King. Vedha asks Gold to attend the phone
call and to put it in speaker. The voice of King laughing is heard. Vedha shouts "We
are on our way to arrest you King! Or should I call you Vijay". King laughs more
louder. Gold holds the steel bar in the truck. Diwakar and Shiva follow Gold. The
phone call gets cut and the truck blasts flipping over the container in which Gold,
Shiva, Diwakar and the RAW members were there. The door is cut open and King stood
outside the Container. Behind him were the biggest snipers all targeting the RAW.
King pulls out a sickle from his bodyguard's vest. Vedha and Krishnamurthy come out
of the container and hold gun towards King. Suddenly a helicopter sound is heard. All
look up to see Prakash along with snipers, guns and trucks of men running towards
King. King keeps one leg back pulls out another sickle. Moves forward and starts to
stab all the ones who came with hammers and sickles. Prakash's men with guns and
snipers were being shot by King's men and aback. Switzerland had become a huge war
ground. King had got stabbed many times by now. Gold break open the had cuff and
comes out pushing Krishnamurthy and Vedha. Krishnamurthy and Vedha too join as
prakash's men start hitting them. Shiva and diwakar find a shotgun inside the con-
tainer. They start shooting Prakash's men. Another helicopter comes and all of
Prakash's men stop fighting. The helicopter lands in front of King. Suriya comes out
and shouts to Prakash's men "I sent you guys with prakash not to fight with my
friends King and Gold! I sent you to make prakash surrender in front of King". Suriya
winks at King and Gold and tells "He is all yours my king!". King says "Thank you
Suriya". Suriya walks towards Vedha and tells "I know about you and Krishnamurthy's
covert operation 'operation peacock', but you cannot even come close to what they
are. All the best!". Suriya pulls out a cigar from his blazer, burns it and sits on
the helicopter and flies. Vedha asks Krishnamurthy "why wasn't he there in our
list?". Krishnamurthy replies "Even I didn't know about this another syndicate. We
have no time to waste. We have to catch all of them now! We won't get any better
chance than this. We can see about suriya later". Suriya's men shoot the helicopter's
wing. Helicopter goes down. Prakash jumps with a parachute. Suriya's men catch him
and bring prakash in front of King. King asks suriya's men to leave. King takes the
shot gun from shiva's hand and gives it to Gold. King says "You know what to do!".
Gold recoils the gun and shoots on Prakash's head. Prakash's head burst open and
there was blood all over. Suddenly a voice is heard "We would like you to put the gun
down and surrender to us. We are the FIS". The FIS had come in helicopter. Gold puts
the gun down and raises his hand. King and Shiva too put their hands up. Diwakar re-
coils his shotgun and aims at the helicopter and shoots at its wings. The helicopter
goes down. The FIS comes in cars. RAW arrest All of them and take them to India.
[Interval]
In India
At the Delhi airport, there was full high security so that no-one could escape.
Airport was completely rushed as Diwakar's associates had been waiting for them to
arrive. As soon as Shiva, Diwakar, Gold along with RAW come outside the airport the
RAW's vehicle blasts. All of the associates start pushing the police and security
guards. All of them get enraged and start shouting. Few associates throw motolov
cocktail towards the RAW members. They try to clear the crowd and enter another vehi-
cle and moves away from the crowd towards the RAW headquarters. As soon as they enter
the CBI office, the Crime Division Director Mohan (as Vikram) asks "You guys went to
catch King but brought his associates Shiva, Diwakar and his friend Gold?".
At Zurich Airport
King, Gold, Shiva and Diwakar are hand-cuffed and taken inside the airport. Suddenly
the FIS arrive and say "King is a Citizen of Switzerland. So we want to arrest him.
Please handover him to us. The rest 3 are good to go". Krishnamurthy hands over King
to the FIS. Vedha tells to Krishnamurthy "We have wasted out sweat and time on King,
without him what can we do?". Krishnamurthy replies "Don't worry, what we were plan-
ning to do in India will be done by the FIS in Switzerland to King. We will take them
back to India". Listening to this Mohan cools down and says "Ok good. Now lets start
the interrogation". Mohan suddenly gets a phone call. Mohan shakes his head and tells
to vedha and Krishnamurthy "These three have got bail. Their vehicle is standing in
front of the headquarters". Vedha is shocked and he runs to see who had got bail for
them. There stood a rolls Royce. The door opens and King comes out. Vedha is shocked
and asks King "How did you come out?". King replies "It is easier to get my guys bail
from RAW than to get out from FIS's hands. It is just a matter of time as I have my
associates in FIS but it took some time. But here, I just contacted the biggest
lawyer if India and paid him the money he asked for at that instant and I got the
bail". Vedha moves back. Gold, Shiva and Diwakar enter into the car. King enters the
RAW headquarters. As soon as he starts to speak with Krishnamurthy a blast is heard.
King runs out to see his car blasted. Diwakar was outside the car crying. King runs
towards Diwakar and asks what happened. Diwakar says "I suddenly got a phone call.
The voice wasn't audible. Thats why I came out and I heard him saying "Tell goodbye
to King, Gold and Shiva. You come to me in a while and I need your help" ". King asks
the RAW if they can find the caller but in return they arrest Diwakar and King for
blasting a car in front of RAW headquarters threatening the officials. King and
Diwakar is arrested and is not let to contact any lawyer as it was a sensitive case.
The RAW manipulated King's voice in front of Krishnamurthy saying this is what is go-
ing to happen to the headquarters after the blast sound is heard. Diwakar was accused
as the person who fit the bomb killing the accused Gold and Shiva. There was no es-
cape for Diwakar and King. As King had Switzerland citizenship, he was accused as
Vijay, an ex-convict who escaped his execution and Vijay was an Indian. His finger-
print also matched so they had no doubt now. King was now even accused for impersoni-
fication. The Court punished them for 8 years in Tihar jail. King and Diwakar plan
for an escape. According to their plan, at exact 2.30am the lights will shutdown for
2 minutes exact. At that time they have to bring King's helicopter and they can es-
cape. The escape goes as planned. They sit in the helicopter. The guards were am-
bushed seeing this escape. The RAW were once again called to find King and Diwakar.
The helicopter comes in the radar of the RAW. Vedha takes a sniper finds King and
Diwakar siting in the helicopter. He aims and shoots the blades of the helicopter.
The helicopter falls into the forest nearby. Immediately they start searching for
King's and Diwakar's body as both were not found near the helicopter. So they might
have escaped. They search the whole forest but their body was not found. Vedha takes
his car and goes to his home. Opens his car trunk and looks at Diwakar and King taped
and tied with a rope. He takes them inside his home. King's leg was wounded. Diwakar
was completely soaked in blood. Vedha tells them "You only had to stay in the jail
for 8 years for your crime. People whom you are selling drugs have made their lives
jail by using them. You will sit in some country and laugh! But lives are being lost
here. Wat explanation do you have for this? Thats why I planned to blast you, Gold,
Shiva and Diwakar but you and Diwakar escaped. Now I am going to kill you". King
replies "I created this empire to find Prakash and kill him but I haven't sold any
drugs. I only did Gold-trafficking. When I lost my family and ajith's family itself i
burnt all the godowns of prakash storing drugs. I just tried to gain power but I
didn't ruin anyone's life". Vedha replies "when I got the case, the mission was to
find King, te biggest mafia who holds the biggest syndicate in India. If I wanted, I
could have finished you at Switzerland itself but I wanted you to realise and i
wanted you to die in the country you were born". Vedha takes out his gun. King who
was tied in a chair kicks vedha. Vedha falls down. King and Diwakar face opposite
such that Diwakar's hand reaches king's knot and king's hand reaches Diwakar's knot.
Both untie eachother. Vedha punches King. King pushed vedha to the door kicks him.
Diwakar finds an axe in the corner of the room. Vedha pushes King. Diwakar gives the
axe to King. King uses the blunt end of the axe and hits vedha. Diwakar opens the
door and runs away. Vedha tries to catch Diwakar. King tries to strangle Vedha using
a rope. Vedha laughs and says "This is what your people are loyal to you! Look he ran
away". As he says this suddenly Diwakar comes with a hammer. Diwakar starts hitting
vedha using the hammer until he dies. King comes out of the house and sees that
Krishnamurthy had surrounded the house along with police and RAW Agents. King tries
to run and is shot. King runs inside vedha's house opens the gas cylinder and blasts
the house.
Few days later
Krishnamurthy closes the case saying all of them are dead. He goes to vedha's funeral
consoles his parents and wife. Krishnamurthy drives back to RAW headquarters. He asks
Mohan to get details on the current status of Attam gang and Ganesh gang. After a
month, mohan sends the report. Attam gang and Ganesh gang was destroyed completely.
Each of its allies had started to work in some or the other place. It had become
drug-free after Prakash was killed. King and Gold were the biggest syndicate in the
world but they were away from such businesses. Even the biggest Jacob Martinez
avoided to enter with the drug business in India just because of the Two people King
and Gold. We cannot call them as gods but they were not the Devils too. The Biggest
drug war had ended. The world was though not yet free from illegal businesses as
there are few people still operating outside India like Jacob Martinez, Suriya and
many more. Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad was becoming abstinent from drugs. The
drug war in the world is not going to end in the near future but it's our work to
catch them if found. Next day in the news Krishnamurthy sees "An end to the begin-
ning, the old mafia 'king' was dead few days back but according to the latest reports
a new King has arrived....... Along with......... A new Gold!". Krishnamurthy heads
towards the Headquarters. After immediate discussions Krishnamurthy and Mohan immedi-
ately head to Switzerland. According to Vedha's report they head to king's house.
Krishnamurthy and Mohan and welcomed inside by the guards. They both wait at the liv-
ing room for The new King and Gold to arrive. They are amused to see Shiva and
Diwakar still alive. Shiva Became the new King and Diwakar became the new Gold. (
During the bomb blast Shiva had not entered the car. Shiva goes behind vedha. He sees
vedha hold the bomb, before he could react the bomb blasts and Shiva goes to hiding.
During the gas blast Diwakar enters into the refrigerator helping him to survive the
blast while King Died) Krishnamurthy asks "So this doesn't end here?". Shiva replies
"The First Chapter of our story ended few days back. This is the beginning of the
Second chapter. The eradication of drugs for which you framed our beloved King and
Gold. We were the ones who gave the Attam gang and Ganesh gang jobs. We will see who
is going to win this game". Mohan tells "when are we starting the game?". Diwakar
replies "In the intricate web of conquest and domination, beginnings are the founda-
tion upon which empires rise. It is in the inception of our schemes that the seeds of
power are sown, and the path to supremacy is laid bare. While the world may celebrate
the pomp of the end, it is the cunning machinations of the start that truly shape our
reign. So, heed my words and grasp the significance of beginnings, for they hold the
key to unraveling the destiny that I, shall forge with iron will and unyielding
resolve".
The End
Cast
Vijay as King
Karthi as Shiva
Siva Karthikeyan as Diwakar
Vijay Sethupathi as Vedha
Arun Vijay as Faiz
Arjun Sarja as Krishnamurthy
Ajith Kumar as Gold
Prabhu Deva as Ganesh
Arjun das as sanjeev
Prime Minister (PM)
Various Gang Members
Swiss Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) Officials
Rajesh Rao
Andrew
Various Police Officers
Prakash Raj as prakash
Prakash's Men
Vedha's Team Members
Akshay Kumar as Jacob Martinez
Various Associates, Gang Members, and Criminals


--- Requital.pdf ---

REQUITAL
A Night at a fancy restaurant, Robert looks at Ria and says "I DON'T WANT TO HIDE
THIS FROM YOU. I WAS IN JUVENILE WHEN I WAS 15 YEARS OLD. I HAD KILLED ONE GUY WHO
HAD TRIED TO KIDNAP MY FRIEND "MICHEAL" FROM SCHOOL! MY LIFE RESTARTED AFTER I BECAME
21!". Ria Holds Robert's hand and smiles.
15 years later, Ooty
Robert and Ria had married and have a daughter named "Tia" of age 10. Robert owned a
Tea and coffee estate along with a factory for processing. Robert takes Tia in his
Royal Enfield to school. Drops her and leaves for the factory. He loads a truck
filled with Dust tea for delivery, the next day and keeps the advance in the cash
counter. Evening takes his bike and goes to pick Tia from school and takes her home.
Next day, Early morning 6am, Robert's house door is knocked. Robert opens the door to
find a worker from a factory. The worker says "Sir, there was a robbery in our fac-
tory! One full load of Dust Tea and the cash from the counter is robbed!". Robert im-
mediately refreshes and leaves to the factory. Before, Robert could reach the fac-
tory, the police had been informed. Robert goes to the police station to give the
written statement regarding the robbery. The Sub-Inspector named "Rodrigo" enquires
"Did you lock the counter before leaving?". Robert answers "yes! I had written the
accounts and locked it! I remember!". Rodrigo then asks "Who knows that there was
cash in the counter?". Robert replies "All my workers know that I have kept the cash
in the counter as I keep the same, everyday!". Rodrigo says "I need to have a word
with your workers!". Robert and Rodrigo are yet to leave the station when Robert gets
a call from the place the dust tea should have been delivered. Robert picks the call
and the client says "Thank you for delivering it this fast! I had called your driver
yesterday night to deliver me the dust tea by 7am and he brought it in time". Robert
cuts the call and says to Rodrigo "The Dust Tea is delivered! But what about the
cash?". Rodrigo says "Anyway let's have a conversation with your workers". Robert and
Rodrigo upon reaching the factory ask the workers to assemble in front of them.
Rodrigo questions each one, one by one. Rodrigo then asks "Is anyone missing here?".
One of the worker shouts "The delivery driver is missing sir!". Rodrigo asks Robert
to call the driver. Robert tries to call him but doesn't pick the call. Rodrigo looks
at Robert and asks "Where is the key to the counter?". Robert says "It will be in the
jeans I wore yesterday! It's in my home!". Rodrigo says "Can you go and get the key?
Because, the robber has most probably made a duplicate as there are no marks of tam-
pering the lock!". Robert takes his bike and goes to his home. Meanwhile, the driver
named "Rahul" reaches the factory. Rodrigo enquires Rahul but he denies in seeing the
counter open while leaving for the delivery. Rodrigo finds that all the CCTV cameras
are off. Rodrigo asks Rahul "Who all have the access to the CCTV?". Rahul says "This
is a Wifi camera, it can only be controlled by Robert sir, there is only the option
to view all the CCTV camera from the office". Robert takes the key and comes to the
factory. Rodrigo asks Robert for his phone. Opens the CCTV camera app and on all the
cameras. Rodrigo asks Robert "Can I view the messages on your phone?". Robert accepts
on viewing the messages. Robert finds a message and says "I have found the robber!".
Rodrigo grabs Robert's collar and take him to custody. Robert asks "Why are you ar-
resting me?". Rodrigo says "I saw a message in your phone for paying the insurance
for your factory! You had off the CCTV and took the money as embezzlement and trying
to frame your workers for compensation amount! The Case charged on you is insurance
fraud and Embezzlement of funds". Robert says "I have not made any insurance claim! I
have the proof!". Rodrigo says "Your plan was to make an insurance fraud! Anyway
you're under arrest!". Rodrigo takes Robert to custody. Rodrigo asks the cyber cell
to check if there is any past cases in the name of "Robert Hauser". Robert looks at
Rodrigo and says "I am being framed!".
Meanwhile in the factory
The workers are confused on what had happened. Rahul says to the workers "Let me go
tell Ria madam about what has happened here today! She will be worried". Rahul takes
his bag from the delivery truck and takes his bike to a school. From his bag he takes
the money he stole from the counter and pays the fees for his son's education. The
previous day, Robert was looking at his phone when someone calls him outside his of-
fice. Robert keeps his phone open and comes outside. Rahul enters the office and off
all the CCTV inside the factory. He takes a clear picture of the key of the counter
and takes the measurements. Rahul then takes the image to create a 3D print of the
key with exact measurements. Makes a mould using the 3D print and melts iron and
pours into the mould making the duplicate of the key. Before leaving for delivery,
Rahul opens the counter and takes all the cash and leaves for delivery. Present time,
After leaving from school, Rahul goes to meet Ria and tells her that Robert was ar-
rested. Ria and Tia reach the police station. Rodrigo gets back a phone call from the
cyber cell, they tell "Sir, Nearly 25 years ago, Robert Hauser was in Juvenile for a
murder. I have sent you the details regarding the same". Rodrigo gets through the
file and goes to Robert "So, this is not your first time. A murder 25 years ago in
Bangalore and now, Robbery in Ooty?". Robert replies "I was sent to Juvenile 25 years
ago, but this time I am innocent!". Robert replies angrily "Do you think I look like
a fool? I have seen many people like you! I knew that we were connected through your
name. You were the person who murdered my father "David" 25 years ago". Robert is
shocked and says "I'm sorry for that but this is wrong!". Rodrigo says "I once came
to see you, for asking why you killed my father and you were a psychopath during that
time! And you called my father a 'kidnapper', I will make the people here call you a
'psychopath' like you were before. What will happen if I harm your wife and daughter
here?". Robert says "No! Don't do anything to them!". Rodrigo grabs Ria's hair and
pulls it. Robert in tough voice says "No! Leave her!". One of the constable looks at
Rodrigo's maniacal intent opens the door in which Robert was kept. Tia asks Rodrigo
to leave her mother but Rodrigo in turn slaps Tia. Robert comes out and lunches
Rodrigo. Rodrigo asks "Who let him outside!? If I find out that person, I kill him
with my own hands!". Robert's eyes teared grabs Tia and makes her to sit on a bench.
Rodrigo starts to slap Ria. Robert's face sweaty, breathing heavily and teary eyed
walks towards Rodrigo. From the wall grabs a heavy stick and starts to hit Rodrigo.
Rodrigo grabs another stick and runs towards Robert. Both hit eachother's stick and
Robert's stick breaks into two. Taking this chance Rodrigo starts to hit Robert on
his face using the stick. Robert's checks tear open with blood gushing out through
the tear and his nose. Rodrigo continuously kept on hitting Robert using the stick.
At one point of time, Robert hold the stick to avoid it hitting him. Both completely
tired decide to finish this fight. Rodrigo takes his service revolver and points it
on Robert. Robert kicks Rodrigo's leg making the revolver fall near Tia. Rodrigo gets
up and runs towards Robert. Rodrigo then kicks Robert down. Robert on falling kicks
back Rodrigo. Rodrigo gets up and sits on Robert's stomach. Rodrigo holds Robert's
hands using his legs. Rodrigo starts to squeeze and scratch Robert's face harshly.
Robert shouts in pain. Robert uses his knee to kick Rodrigo's back and helps himself
out of Rodrigo. Robert gets up and runs towards Tia and holds her in his arms.
Rodrigo runs towards Ria and starts to hold her hair and slap her and says "You sur-
render and I'll leave her!". Robert breathing heavily, tensed looks around and finds
the revolver fallen behind him. Robert takes the revolver and points at Rodrigo.
Rodrigo says "You murdered my father using a compass and a divider, not using a gun!
Stop doing this comedy and surrender!". Rodrigo continues slapping Ria. Robert closes
his eyes, still breathing heavily, Tia in his arms, removes the lock from the re-
volver. Opens his eyes and shoots. Rodrigo's three fingers from his right hand falls
down, blood dripping from his hand. Rodrigo shouts in pain. Robert shouts to Ria
"Run!". Rodrigo asks the police to call and ambulance and send an escort to Robert's
house. Robert takes a police car and drives to his home. The constable comes out of
the station and finds Rahul sitting outside weeping. The constable asks "What hap-
pened Rahul?". Rahul replies "Robert is my friend! I am not Rahul! I am Micheal!".
Robert reaches home and Rahul joins them there. Robert takes his car and drives out
along with Ria, Tia and Rahul, before the police could reach Robert's house.
Meanwhile, Rodrigo's hand is completely amputated.
[Interval]
Police start blocking all the exits leading out of Ooty. Rahul sits on the driver's
seat, makes Rahul and Family to hide inside the car. At the checkpost, the police
opens the door to check and finds large boxes kept on the seats and floor. The check-
post police asks "Do you have an ID for shifting?". Rahul takes his ID of the factory
and says "We have an important delivery today! My truck is sent for repair". The po-
lice then asks Rahul to leave. Inside these boxes were hiding Rahul and his family.
High alert had been sent all over Ooty. Robert asks Rahul "Why are you helping us?".
Rahul replies "I am Micheal, your childhood friend!". Robert shocked asks "Why are
you here! Working as a Driver? Your Father was very rich! And Why did you change your
name?". Rahul replies "After you were arrested, My father used all his money to get
you out! When that didn't happen due to your IED, they sent you to a psychiatrist and
the rest of the land and Houses were sold for that! So that you don't have an Issue.
My father fell in a debt trap and we couldn't repay it, this forced me to leave
Bangalore and to settle in ooty". Ria asks "IED? What's that?". Rahul replies "IED
for Intermittent explosive disorder, Robert had that and Rodrigo is having Bipolar
Disorder! You saw that Robert is calm due to the psychologist's treatment, but
Rodrigo is still having the same I believe. That's the reason Rodrigo called Robert a
psychopath". Ria asks "How do you know that about Rodrigo?". Rahul replies "Rodrigo
is Robert's cousin brother!". Ria shocked asks Robert "Why didn't you tell me about
IED and Rodrigo?". Robert replies "I felt like it was not that important!". Rahul
says "Ria, Rodrigo assaulted you and acted like a maniac because of his bipolar dis-
order!". All stay quiet, After reaching some distance Rahul stops the car near a tea
stall. Ria and Tia sit at a bench and have the tea while Rahul and Robert stood a bit
far away from them drinking the tea and speaking. Rahul tells "Robert, I stole your
money!". Robert is shocked. Rahul pulls out a knife from his back and stabs Robert.
Rahul says "And I don't regret it! My father wasted all his money for you! I couldn't
even complete my education! For your Clarification I AM NOT LIKE MY FATHER!". Robert
in pain says "Why? I'll give all the money you want!". Rahul twists the knife and
pulls it out. Robert falls down. Ria grabs Tia and runs towards Robert. Rahul takes
the key, gets inside the car and calls Rodrigo. In phone he says "Robert is stabbed
by a pickpocket and is in the outskirts of Ooty-Bangalore highway. All the best
Rodrigo!". Rahul then throws his phone outside the car breaking it. Ria asks for
help, but nobody helps her. Finally, a trucks stops for them. Ria takes Robert in-
side, still holding Tia in her arms. The truck driver says "My daughter is a doctor,
I'll take you to my home!". Ria says "Please fast!". The truck leaves and Rodrigo ar-
rives at the scene. Rodrigo comes out of the police car and goes to the tea stall.
Rodrigo enquires about any man being stabbed. The man tells that, few minutes back,
they were taken in a truck. Rodrigo goes to his fellow officers and says "It's a
truck, go and check with Robert's factory workers. According to the information, They
have gone straight, let me go this way, you leave to the factory!". Rodrigo along
with a driver goes behind the truck. The rest of the police go to the factory and un-
derstand that Rahul isn't there in the factory, but his truck is there. Rodrigo says
to the driver who was the same constable who helped Robert "Robert is my cousin
brother. We were in great terms untill he killed my father, his uncle, for his
friend!". The constable says "Sir, you are new here! That's why I am saying this to
you! Robert is a gentleman, he helps everyone! First time, he was being framed for a
crime. And that was because of you!". Rodrigo replies "Those days he had IED, I don't
know if he has that now. But, I am not ready to spare anyone including his family for
killing my father!". The constable replies "Sir, Why don't you leave it?". Rodrigo
replies "I need some time to change my mind. Let's go to my home!". Meanwhile the
truck driver reaches his daughter's home. Her name was Ramya. Ramya starts treating
Robert. Rodrigo reaches home and asks the constable to come inside. Rodrigo enters
into his home, Ramya was Rodrigo's wife. The truck driver was Rodrigo's father in
law. Rodrigo asks Ramya "Who is inside that room?". Ramya replies "A man was stabbed,
my father took him here, he was fallen on road and his family was asking for help. He
is fine now but is unconscious". Rodrigo says "Let me see them!". Rodrigo enters the
room and finds Ria sitting on the bed and Robert unconscious on the bed. Ria looks at
Rodrigo and says "Sir! Please leave us! How did you get to know we are here? Please
consider me as your sister and spare us!". Rodrigo's anger started to kick in.
Rodrigo says "If anyone could have saved my father, I wouldn't be like this!". Ria
says "Sir! I know my husband killed his own uncle, your father but he spent his life
in Juvenile for years!". Rodrigo says "Atleast in Juvenile, they give them food! I
starved for days!". Ramya comes in and says "Is he your cousin brother?". Rodrigo
says "Yes he is!". Rahul comes in with his car near Rodrigo's house. He gets down and
enters the house. Rahul finds Rodrigo and Ria speaking. Rahul runs and kicks Ria. Tia
starts to cry. Ramya grabs Tia and locks her inside another room. The truck driver
grabs a photo frame to hit Rahul. Rahul catches the driver's hand, grabs the photo
frame and breaks it on The truck driver's head. Rodrigo pulls out his revolver and
points it at Rahul and shoots. Rahul dodges the bullets. Ria grabs a surgical knife
and runs towards Rahul. Rahul catches Ria's hands and starts slapping her. Robert
gains his consciousness back and gets up. Rodrigo kicks Rahul and pushes Ria aside.
Rodrigo punches on Rahul's face twice. The constable punches Rahul's backbone. Rahul
shouts in pain. Robert tries walking towards the scene. Robert kicks Rahul on the
sofa and slaps him. Robert says "I had saved your life once! Don't make me take it
from you!". Rahul pushes Robert, Rodrigo runs and punches Rahul. Rahul grabs a heavy
stick and starts hitting Ria. Robert catches the stick and pushes Rahul. Rodrigo
takes the stick from Robert's hand and starts hitting Rahul. Ria runs from the side
and stabs Rahul with the surgical knife. Robert shocked looking at what Ria had done.
There was a sudden silence. Rahul shouts in pain. Rodrigo decides to take Rahul out-
side before anyone else comes. Robert asks to Rodrigo "Why did you save me and my
family?". Ramya says "After all, you are the only family member of Rodrigo!". Robert
goes along with Robert and the constable. Ramya tries to treat her father meanwhile.
In the middle of the way Rodrigo strangle Rahul's neck and kills him. Thet stop at a
huge land and Robert says "I'm disabled now! Can you help me dispose the body?".
Rodrigo, Robert and The constable dispose the body by digging a hole in middle of a
huge land. Rodrigo says "You are surely one psychopath still! Your IED which was long
lost kicked in when I hit your family! And I want you to forgive me for that!".
Robert says "I killed your father who was kidnapping children and killing them. I
tried to save my friend and saved him as well but eventually the things turned over
and I had to kill him!". Rodrigo says "The day you killed my father, a cycle started.
Everyone who were against you turned to be with you! But who were with you became
against you!".Robert moves forward and from behind Rodrigo stabs Robert. Robert pulls
out the knife from his back and slices through Rodrigo's throat. Robert asks the con-
stable "Sir, I need one help, put Rodrigo and Rahul in the car and we can push it out
of the cliff. We were left in the middle of the road". Constable says "If the depart-
ment gets to know about this, even I am in danger we can do that!". As planned, they
throw them bout our of the cliff. Post-mortem, proved that the marks on their face
are due to the crash and close the case. Robert, Ria and Tia decide to take Ramya to
their house after the incident.
After few years, Ramya standing on a tea plantation. Constable opposite to her. The
constable says how Rodrigo died. Ramya angrily takes a knife and is seen entering
Robert's house.
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Silhouette.pdf ---

Silhouette
When humanity's faith in the divine waned, they turned to darker forces, and thus be-
gan the era of their own creation's tyranny.
2 years ago, there was a Riot in Bangalore for stopping that a man came, His name was
Henry Swedish. He was considered as an Illuminati, working in the shadows. Like the
shadows he was everywhere. Nobody saw him but He was the one who stopped the riot.
Rainy night in Bangalore, a street lit with a single lamp. A man running scared,
slips and falls down under the lamp. A man pulls out his sickle stabs the scared man
to death. The man with the sickle slowly walked down the street. Ram (Investigative
officer, CBI) aged around 40 6ft 4 inch tall, arrives at the crime scene and sends
the body for post mortem. The name of the victim was known to be Hung Lee. According
to the report, he was stabbed 3 times and one of stabs had reached the liver causing
his death. The doctor also exclaimed "The killer is not doing this for the first
time". DSP Shah and CBI analyst John, were also brought to the case and helped Ram.
John was working on Henry Swedish case. Ram goes through all the criminal records and
finds some cases having similar killing pattern. The primary suspect in all of them
was Mike, son of Gibson. Gibson was a drug mafia who involved in multiple human traf-
ficking cases and was arrested in the year 2020. In 2022, Gibson was found dead due
to overdose in amitriptyline, a drug used as antidepressant. After Gibson's death,
people thought Mike would take over Gibson's Empire but he didn't. Gibson's Empire
was taken over by Ron Jefferson, simply called Ron. He began double the drug distri-
bution and began to expand his empire. Mike, for not gaining the position he was sup-
posed to recieve started his own Mafia empire against Ron's. Only Ron and other few
people had seen Mike, There were no images of Mike but his name stood strong in all
other cases. According to insider information and reports, Gibson was killed by Shah.
Ram decides to go undercover to nab Mike. From the next day, Ram was finding ways to
enter into Mike's or Ron's underworld. Ram finds a friend of his Brent, working un-
dercover in Ron's Mafia empire. Ram starts to sell drug called fentanyl". One by one,
Ram establishes his status under Ron's Empire. Ram gets to know that Ron's main drug
deals are based on Morphine. Ram starts to sell Fentanyl within Ron's empire. Ron
didn't know about a business being held within his business. Soon, Ram befriends
Ron's syndicate members. Ram was then taken for drug deals, human trafficking and or-
gan trafficking. Ram overheard few people speaking about a drug deal going to be held
later this month. Ram takes his phone and calls to an unknown number and says
"India's biggest drug deal is on. Human trafficking from Mangalore port to Saudi.
Give me the orders". The voice on the phone said "Wait!". Next Day, Ram meets Ron in
Mangalore. Ron was 6ft, having medium long beard, wearing sunglasses and an overcoat.
Ron says to Ram "So you are the one who sells fentanyl. Brent told me about your
businesses. Would you like to partner with me?". The fentanyl Ram sold was from the
narcotic raids held in the country. The people whom Ram sold the drug was, his own
CBI colleagues. Ram shook hands with Ron and says "I sell Fentanyl, I would like to
know how much source of Morphine you're having". Ron replies "Isn't this too early
for me to give you answer for this question?". Ron laughs and says "I know you're
selling fentanyl to my members, I am staying quiet just because you can be a great
associate for me!". After saying this Ron walks off. Ram goes out, hides and calls
the same unknown number and says "Morphine!, According to the information, He has a
large amount of morphine!". The Voice on the other end replies "Wait!". Ron gets into
his helicopter. Ram gets into his car and starts to chase the helicopter. The heli-
copter stops in a harbour. Ron gets out and opens a container. The container was
filled with cash. Ram reaches the harbour, Hides and snaps the pictures of the con-
tainer and sends it to the unknown number. The number replied "Wait for further com-
mands!". The container is lifted and loaded into a ship and another container from
the ship is taken and brought in front of Ron. The container is opened and it was
filled with drugs. Ron asks a man to open another container in the dock. That con-
tainer had men, women and children. Ron asks them to load both the container to the
ship and enters his helicopter. As the helicopter moved, Ram ran towards the ship.
Enters into the ship. One of Ron's henchmen in the ship, finds Ram hiding behind a
container. He grabs a hammer and goes to hit Ram. Ram catches the Hammer, pulls the
man's hand and bangs the henchmen's head onto one of the containers. Another man runs
towards Ram. Ram slides, grabs the hammer and hits the man. The ship's captain starts
shooting. Ram hides behind a container. Pulls out his gun and headshots the captain.
Ram opens the container with the people in it being trafficked, Untie all of them.
The ship was in middle of the ocean and all four sides were covered with the blue
ocean. Ram enters into the hull. There were more henchmen there. A man punches Ram on
his face. Ram falls down unconscious. Ram wakes up, pushes the men, kicks one of
them. Jumps and pulls and axe in the corner. Takes the axe and starts to stab the men
one by one. He finds a compass with a man. Ram runs inside the bridge of the ship and
tilts the ship towards Mangalore port according to his calculations. He messaged the
number "On my way to Mangalore harbour". The number replied "More people to go!". At
first Ram couldn't understand. Then suddenly people start falling on the ship from a
helicopter. After everybody had entered the ship, the helicopter flew away. One man
enters the bridge. Ram grabs the man and throws him outside the ship through the win-
dow. Ram now understood what the message meant, more people were on their way to the
ship. Ram kicks a man, punches another, shoots one. The men kept on coming over Ram.
Ram runs towards the containers, the men had put the people behind transported
hostage at gunpoint. Ram catches a man using his axe, he stabs him. Ram surrenders to
the men. Suddenly a helicopter lands on the ship's helipad. Snipers come out of it
and starts shooting the henchmen. Ram starts laughing. Out of the helicopter came out
a man 6ft tall, medium long beard, hairs stylized having a cigar in his mouth wearing
a premium looking blazer. Once all the henchmen were killed, Ram goes towards the
man. He bows and tells "Thank you for coming Sir!". The man tells "I have told you
many times not to call me Sir!, Call me Mike!". It was infact Mike whom Ram was send-
ing messages in the name of unknown number. Ram replies "Ok Mike, those two contain-
ers are having cash and drugs, we need that!. Let's send these people back home in
the ship". Mike asks his men to fix bombs in the ship, takes the two containers in
his helicopter and goes. Ram got down from the helicopter in Bangalore. He calls the
police and gives information about the drugs coming to Mangalore port. Ron gets in-
formation about the information leak to police, not knowing the drugs isn't there in
the ship, he tries to stop it. He tries to call the people in the ship, but Nobody
responds, the ship reaches mangalore harbour. As the people get down from the ship,
it blasts, Leaving no trace of the containers. Ron angry about the bomb blast tries
to figure out who was behind it. Ram kills Brent and present him in front of the CBI.
CBI was shocked at the pathetic condition at which Brent was killed. The CBI assumed
the Killer to be Ron and his associates. The whole world was behind Ron to find and
break the foundatain of Ron's Mafia Empire. Meanwhile, Mike was in Himalaya along
with Ram drinking coffee. Ram asks "Mike, what's your next plan?". Mike replies "Let
the CBI and police go behind Ron, until then wait!".
[Interval]
During the "Great Riot of Bangalore", CBI had to intervene as the riot staged out of
scope for the police. Officer Ram's first mission began there. When it went out of
scope for CBI, the Deadly Figure Arrived, Henry Swedish. Still nobody saw his face,
He wore a mask. Whenever Henry Swedish was seen, he was seen wearing a mask. Brent
was a undercover CBI agent who was working for Ron. Ram finds out that and kills
Brent. Ram collects information about this and stores it in his computer. Packs the
computer in a waterproof bag. Ram dives into a river. Under the River bed there was a
rock. Ram hides the computer under the rock, so that it doesn't flow away in the
stream. DSP Shah, after waiting long and not recieving any data about Brent's death,
goes to meet Ram. They decide to meet at Majestic, Bangalore metro station. They dis-
cuss about Brent's death. Ram reveals that he had killed Brent for working with Ron
and blamed Ron for Brent's death. They get into the metro train and stand. Suddenly a
gun shot was heard. Ram and Shah bend down. When they looked forward, it was Ron. Ron
shouts "I am taking this train hostage. I have some demands. First one,the government
should remove charges for me killing Brent. Secondly, I need all the seized drugs and
the counterfeit notes I had printed". Ron walks to a man and says "You will call the
police now!". The train was stopped midway inside the metro tunnel. Shah takes his
service satelite phone and calls the control room silently and tells "Code Red! Ron
has hijacked the metro and has demands. I am with Ram, we will handle the situation.
Agree to whatever he is going to say!". Ram tells Shah "You are alone in this situa-
tion now". Shah asks "Why?". Ram replies "Because Ron has seen my face I cannot take
any covert actions as my identity will be revealed". Shah scratches his head, takes
out his service revolver. Ram takes a muffler and hides his face and puts on the
hoodie. Ram gets a phone call, Ron was calling him. Ram picks the phone and asks
"Hello sir, what happened?". Ron replies "I need Backup, I have hijacked a metro
along with my guys, I am in the metro tunnel between Vidhan Soudha and Cubbon Park.
Do you have any plans?". Ram replies "Sir! I cannot, I am in police custody and this
call is being recorded" makes a scream and cuts the call. Ron throws his phone down
and breaks it. Ron says to himself "I cannot trust anyone now!". One of Ron's hench-
men come near Ram and asks to remove the hoodie from his head for which Ram denies.
The man keeps his hand on Ram's head. Ram pulls the man and punches his face and
throws him on the window. Ron turns and asks his men to catch the man. Ram starts
running towards Ron. Ram punches a man and kicks his leg. Another man starts to shoot
at Ram. Ram pulls out his gun and shouts "Every one in the train!, Close your eyes!".
Ram headshots the man shooting at him. Ron gets scared and open the train with emer-
gency exit. Shah runs towards Ron. Ram gets out of the train. The driver starts to
drive the train. Ron stops and shouts to Ram "Open your hoodie and hit me after
that!". Ram remove the hoodie and the muffler. Ron looks at him and says "Ram? Why
are you doing this to me?". Ram replies "People whom you killed because of me were
your supporters, Your supporters have become against you and are joining Mike Gibson!
And I am an Undercover CBI agent". Ram headshots Ron and kills him. Ram turns towards
Shah. Shah tells "Mike Gibson? You are supporter of him?". Ram tells "Every action we
take ripples through the fabric of fate. You took a life, thinking yourself untouch-
able. But the universe seeks balance, and your arrogance has led us here. Justice is
not about restoring the past but ensuring a future where deeds do not go unpunished.
Your end is not brought by this bullet, but by the weight of your own sins. Remember
this as you face your reckoning. Actions have consequences, and today, the scales are
balanced". Shah asks "What did I do?". Ram replies "Killing my friend's Dad! Putting
him to struggle". Ram shoots Shah on head. Ram takes Shah's gun and shoots Ron. In
the Headquarters, he told "Me and Shah were discussing the case when Ron hijacked the
metro train. After a long shootout, when we went catching Ron, Shah was shot by Ron
and Shah shot Ron and I had to shoot Ron later. I tried to get Shah treatment but was
unsuccessful". Ram was being sent back for the undercover mission again, but Ram re-
fused and resigned his post from the CBI without providing necessary reports or de-
tails. Ram went to the river and took back the laptop and Destroyed it. Mike Gibson
was given back his father's empire. Ram sends a letter to Mike. Mike opens the letter
and read "Hi Mike! I am going back to the place which I had begun 20 years back. I
joined just 15 years back, in the CBI. Those 5 years were something different. I have
only one request for you, Make counterfeit notes, do gold trafficking, murder or any-
thing but please don't do drug deals and human trafficking. Take it as a demand or a
request. I hope you do well, congratulations on recieving your father's empire to
you!". John gets to know an Intel about Henry Swedish. Henry Swedish was going to do
a party inviting all the major empires. Nearly 63 Big Mafia bosses were invited in-
cluding Mike Gibson. This was going to be held in Lalgarh Palace, Rajasthan. There
will be only restricted entry. The CBI decides to set a camp in the terrace of a
nearby hotel named HS. They fixed binoculars and Telescopes to look at Henry
Swedish's Face. They appointed snipers fixed with night vision.
On the Party Night, John looked at the telescope waiting while the mafia bosses en-
tered the palace. There was a Red Carpet at the entrance to the palace. It looked
like a Reality Show held by mafias. After sometime Mike Gibson enters the Palace.
Mike finds the place extravagant, completely decorated. There were tables for each
person. Mike sat on one chair waiting for the great Henry Swedish. Announcement was
made "Henry Swedish has arrived!". Everyone stood up. Henry Swedish wearing mask walk
down the stairs. Each footstep heard in echo with complete silence. He removes his
Mask, it was Ram. Mike starts to run forward. The announcement is made "This is Henry
Swedish aka Ram Krishnamurthy". Mike goes in front of Ram aka Henry Swedish and says
"Ram! You could have told me atleast this. I know you for 15 years". Ram replies
"There is a time for everything to happen. Now you know it". John looks at Ram and is
mind blown. He asks the snipers to get ready. Takes guns and glocks it ready. Runs to
the palace. Suddenly from the sniper's walkie talkie, a gun shot is heard. John
shouts "I didn't ask you to shoot!". There was no reply. John runs back to the hotel
terrace and finds the waiters holding gun who had shot the snipers. John runs from
the waiters and comes out to look at the hotel board "HS" under that in very small
wordings "Henry Swedish". John runs along with his team inside the palace silently
through the first floor. Ram looks up and finds John running towards him. Ram runs
and pulls down a lever. The floor opened and Mafia bosses fell down on a cushion. And
the floor closed. Ram and Mike were up. Ram pulls out his gun. Mike and Ram starts
shooting John and his team. One by one all team members were shot leaving John. John
surrenders to Ram. Ram tells John "You have helped me a lot in my cases but when you
betray me, I don't have any other option". Ram headshots John. Ram tells Mike "For 10
years after my schooling I was human trafficked and sent to Russia. I was an orphan
and this gave me my parents. My father was Joseph Swedish, a so called Illuminati. I
know Gibson through my dad, who was his friend. My name was changed from Ram to
Henry. When the great riot of Bangalore broke out, I had no other way to use my al-
lies in stopping that. Hence, My story began". Mike replies"Those in power sought
control but only deepened the darkness. Today, the light of truth would expose them,
showing that no one can escape the consequences of their actions".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- State of Anarchy.pdf ---

STATE OF ANARCHY
“When the land of the Father of the Nation turns blind to truth and soaked in sin,
what power does the law have left?”.
India
Elections for the lok sabha had ended. The whole Country had this one question in
mind "Who will be our next prime minister?". There were two parties contesting in the
election DJI(Democratic and Justified Independence) party and MSP(Mitra Sena Party),
both parties usually have a clash. On the election day, DJI party wins. The DJI party
leader Azam in the press conference "I would like to announce the next Prime Minister
of India, Mr Victor Francis!". The whole country was shocked. Victor Francis became
an MP from a small constituency and it was the first time he was standing in an
Election. People start investigating who Victor actually was. Nobody could find any
information about him. MSP leader Faizan asks the news reporters to make false re-
ports on Victor. Finally the the day to pledge came. Pledging was going to be taken
in Gujarat in front of Sardar Vallabhai Patel statue. All over the news "Will it be a
beginning to a new India or a End! We will get to know about it sooner or later!".
Ahmedabad, Gujarat
CI Abraham was watching it all over the news. Abraham says to the constable"I still
have an unsolved case in the name of Victor Francis! If I bring it out, He will be in
danger!". The Constable Veer says "Then why not give a complaint to the election com-
mission?". Abraham replies "No! If we do that, he will come to take revenge on us and
that cycle will not end!". Veer nods and goes. Suddenly, Abraham gets a phone call "A
drug deal is taking place and the vehicle will reach Narol Checkpost today 11 pm".
Abraham closes the checkpost and checks all the vehicles passing through the check-
post from the surat port side entering Ahmedabad. Suddenly It starts to rain heavily,
all the vehicles start honking. A black car zoom past the checkpost from Ahmedabad
side going to Surat. The policemen had not barricades the other side. Abraham says
"Our police is as useless as a white pencil", gets inside his car and starts to chase
the black Car. The black car was going at an approximate speed of 160kmph. They had
to catch the vehicle before it reaches Bareja, since there are 3 diversions which
lead to Surat. Abraham chases the Car and finally makes the car visible in front of
him. Just before reaching Jetalpur, the black car was surrounded. The man in the
black car applies handbrake, the car was about to tumble, but it does a 360 and
stops. The man comes out of the car, raised up his arms and says "I surrender!".
Abraham opens the car's trunk and finds a bag with a lock. He asks the constable to
open the lock and goes towards the man and asks "What is your name?". The man replied
"Dominic George!". The constable shouts and Abraham goes towards him. To their shock
it had fentanyl, the most dangerous drug existing. Dominic runs inside his car,
starts it. But Abraham shoots the tyre and the car crashes. Suddenly, a strong gust
of wind blew towards Abraham along with a spotlight exactly facing Abraham. It was a
helicopter. The helicopter lands on the road and the PM of India Victor comes out of
the helicopter. Abraham salutes Victor. All the news channels arrive at the scene and
start capturing Abraham and Victor. Victor walks towards Abraham, Dominic comes out
of the car, hurt. Victor says to Abraham "Do you watch the news?". Abraham replies
"Yes Sir!". Victor replies "Then why is Dominic being arrested when there will be no
more police force in the country?". Abraham asks "What do you mean by that sir?". One
of the constable comes towards Abraham and says "Sir please watch this video!". In
the Video of a news channel Live "New Prime Minister Victor Takes pledge. As we told
sooner or later, we got it very much sooner! The first paper he signed was to remove
the police force! All the materials made, available will be free and India's Economy
is dipping towards 0. Dictator Rule Imposed! Democracy Dead!". Abraham looks at
Victor, Victor smiles and says "Now Get lost!". Abraham disappointed gets into the
car and leaves. A group of black cars come and Dominic enters inside it. Dominic is
taken and beaten up by Victor's men. After Sometime, Dominic was thrown on middle of
a highway.
The Poor and the Rich flock stores, take everything they need. The BPL people get
turned into APL. Everyone had what they needed and was available in the country.
India's stock market crashes to 0. Cash was considered just as a paper to the people.
People start constructing houses everywhere, removing a difference between the Rich
and the poor. Jails were closed, criminals released. The criminals thought "If every-
thing was to be given for free, why do crime?". Children started making paper boats
using the Indian currency and flowing it through the lakes and rivers. People start
walking happily, no worries that they are poor. Everyone stopped going to work.
People stayed home all the time and started getting lazy, just eating and sleeping at
the comfort of their house. The United Nations get to know about this issue going on
in India and calls upon the Interpol to start a covert operation in India. Interpol
chief Qadir calls Victor and says "What you are doing is wrong! You need to stop it
immediately!". Victor replies "I will stop it as soon as my mission is completed".
Victor cuts the call and leaves.
1 month later, PM's next press meet
People were overjoyed with what they had and they were giving full support to Victor.
Victor sits at the press meet and says "Did everyone get what they needed, when I
made everything in my country free?". People start shouting supporting Victor. Victor
comes forward and says "What I Imposed during my pledge will be reverted back and all
things will come back to normal. This was just an act to make even the poor have a
rich lifestyle. When you get things which are enough, you wouldn't need more! My
country is not poor anymore!". Abraham was watching the news, completely drunk.
Victor says in the meet "Police force will be called back! Lifestyle changes but our
country doesn't. Cash flow will remain the same!". People listening to the this run
outside, their kids playing with the cash and making paper boats. They snatch the
cash and starts to keep them safely again. People start flocking the companies they
used to work at. Many companies accepted to take them back and many rejected them and
started looking for new applicants. Abraham wears his uniform, gets into his car and
leaves to the police station. Dominic with his car, follows Abraham. Abraham com-
pletely drunk, drives towards the press meet. Abraham pushes the journalists and
walks onto the stage and says "I did a drug bust, you ruined it! What are you going
to do because I lost the criminal?". Abraham slaps Victor, enraged people pulls aside
Abraham and starts to beat him up. Victor looks at Abraham and says "I am the PM of
India for the next 5 years! How dare you slap me?". Dominic was standing near the
stage. Victor grabs a cleaver, all the camera's focusing on victor. Victor goes to
stab Abraham but suddenly Dominic goes in front and his shoulder is cut. Dominic
kicks Victor. Victor falls down. Dominic grabs Abraham, asks him to get into his car
and leaves. Dominic drives as fast as possible, even hurt. Abraham pulls the hand-
brake, the car does a 360 and stops facing Victor in the car standing in front of
them. Dominic and Abraham comes out of the car and walk towards Victor. People run
and rush behind Victor. No one standing behind Abraham and Dominic. The three of them
looking at eachother. Victor says "You're all alone in this Game!". Dominic says
"Your Support will reduce person by person! And I will show you how!". Victor turns
and the people come to attack Abraham and Dominic. Dominic and Abraham get inside the
car and locks the door. People fall onto the car and starts to scratch and open the
door. Victor gets into his car and leaves. Dominic holds the handbrake, turns the
car, holds the clutch, accelerates, leaves the handbrake and clutch. The car does a
360 and people on the car fall down. People still starts to attack the car. Dominic
accelerates moving forward, crushing and killing many people on the way. Dominic gets
a call from Victor "You told that you will take away my support one by one! But I
didn't expect you to kill and reduce my support!". Dominic says back "I am on my way!
Ready to kill many and to save many!". Abraham grabs the phone and tells "Till date I
decided not to get into the political loop! But now you forced me into it. We are on
our way!". Victor says "I am Waiting!".
[Interval]
Dominic was being treated by a doctor. Abraham slapping Victor had gone viral.
Suddenly Abraham gets a call from an international number "We are from the Interpol,
we want to have a conversation with you personally. Location: Solapur, Maharashtra,
Time:1.30pm IST, 24th June. Abraham checks the date and it was 22nd June. He asks
Dominic to get inside the car and leaves to Solapur from Daman. after reaching
Solapur, Abraham asks Dominic to stay away while he speaks with the officials.
Dominic wanted near the car while Abraham went the Interpol officer named Wick. Wick
says "We are sent by the UN to stop the things which are happening in India as an un-
dercover. We ran a background check and you were found to be the most affected person
as an official. Hence we would like to reveal you something. Victor is not what we
are thinking who he is. He is a larger person which cannot be assessed from our per-
spective. He has many warranties issued from different countries. He has none in
India, that's the reason his climb to the PM's chair was easy. He stayed underground
to the maximum extent, for the elections. We will be giving full support to you. And
one more thing, he has a right hand who always plays against him to gain support and
popularity but helps him by executing the people against Victor and, His name is
Dominic!". Abraham asks "What should we do now?". Wick replies "We are helpless, ei-
ther execute Dominic and make him spit out the truth and arrest Victor (or) we need
full support from different countries to execute him, but UN will not accept to it
and will cause global issues!". Suddenly Wick is shot from behind. Dominic walks to-
wards Abraham and says "Victor is a good soul who helped people of gaza to recover!
He just told you 0.1% of all the good things Victor Bhai has done. You either stay
with me or stay inside a coffin! It's your choice!". Suddenly a group of people come
from behind and blind fold Abraham and is taken inside a truck. After sometime,
Abraham's blindfold is removed and a light flashes on him, and victor stands in front
of him and says "What is your choice?". Abraham replies "I will support you!". Victor
replies "But you slapped me, few days back! Why did your decision change suddenly?
Are you scared of me?". Abraham replies "No!". Victor asks Abraham to leave and says
"You can never go against me!". A press conference is conducted by Faizan. Faizan
says "Few People think what Victor did is wrong and few people thing he is right but
I feel it is time--". Victor looks interestingly and Faizan says "--we reveal, the
main Victor and his case files that too not Indian but International charges on
him!". Faizan is immediately shot by Victor's sniper, but the charges are leaked and
the Election comission and CBI take charges on Victor. The president orders removal
of Victor's post as Prime Minister with immediate effect. Interpol agent Mark, is
sent to India to arrest Victor. Mark meets Abraham and says "I am here to take Victor
and produce him in front of Supreme court and I have a red notice!". Abraham replies
"I am Interpol agent code 2478, NCB division. I am in charge of this". Mark salutes
Abraham and says "I have heard so much about you sir! It's my pleasure to meet you!
My agent code is 5609, IPC division". Abraham says "Agent 2331, Wick is dead! Vital
Information available!". Abraham gets a message on his pager saying "Lead 5609".
Abraham says "I have got an information from HQ, we must work together to catch
Victor!".
Dominic starts a speed boat and heads towards a Rocky Island called "The swift
Islands". There was an underground bunker in the Island. Dominic meets Victor inside
and says "We have a flight from Sindhudurg Airport to Mumbai. Without entering the
security checks, we can directly catch a chartered flight to Switzerland. All the
seized Grains (Code word for fentanyl) will be arriving there in the suitcases of the
cabin crew". Abraham and Mark along with their team try to find multiple possibili-
ties of Victor's route, source and destination. Mark says to Abraham "Sir, there are
multiple routes, but we have shortlisted 4 locations Victor can go to Bern, Zurich in
Switzerland, Vienna in Austria and Prague in czechia. These are the locations Victor
has travelled, checking his international travel lists. But I am surprised to Bern
and Zurich from the same country". Abraham replies "was it a two-way travel to both
the places?". Mark replies "No! He went to Bern and then returned from Zurich, which
is strange". Abraham says "Then let's leave to Bern!". Victor Moves according to his
plan and leaves to Switzerland.
Switzerland
Abraham and team reach Bern, they call their ally Tobias Keller. Tobias says "This
airport and Zurich airport is under complete surveillance, so if anything happens, we
will inform you immediately! Zurich is nearly 120kms from here, we can go to our base
there". Suddenly, a door opens behind them and Victor and Dominic walk out of the
terminal. Abraham looks at Victor and grabs his gun. Victor is shocked to see Abraham
and starts running. Dominic grabs his gun and starts shooting Abraham. Abraham and
his team take cover. Abraham shoots Dominic, but is unaffected due to bulletproof
vest. Abraham asks Tobias "Where is your car?". Tobias says "Just in front of the
glass door!". Abraham runs into the Car taking cover along with Mark. Mark sits in
the back seat, Abraham drives behind Victor. Victor leaves towards Zurich. Dominic
comes out of the sunroof and starts shooting Abraham. Victor turns towards luterbach
route and Abraham turns towards Interlaken. Victor reaches half and an hour before
Abraham. Victor goes to Münsterbrücke, for a drug deal with Zayed, son of Azam, DJI
Party leader. Abraham reaches, and Mark shoots. The bullet hits Zayed. Victor grabs
his gun and headshots Mark. Dominic take charge and meanwhile, Abraham's whole
Interpol team reach the bridge and starts shooting at eachother. Victor Runs inside
Kirche Fraumünster. Abraham goes behind Victor inside the church. The father arrives
and says "You are not allowed inside!". Abraham replies "I am an Interpol agent and
Victor is an International criminal!". The father replies "No! It cannot be! He was
raised up in this church by me! I will not listen to your false accusations!". Azam
arrives at the scene and finds Zayed dead. Abraham hands father all the evidence and
clips regarding Victor. Looking at that, the father says "He has become an Anti-
Christian. I should have known this when he confessed what he had done in the past".
Abraham asks "What is your name father?". The father replies "My name is Stephen!".
Abraham asks "Was Dominic from here too?". Father Stephen replies "Yes! He was! But
he is not longer a part here!". Abraham replies "Victor is the head of this syndi-
cate, Please let me in!". Stephen says "Give me the Gun! To ensure nothing happens in
the church!". Abraham gives Stephen, the gun and enters inside. Meanwhile, Azam kills
the whole Interpol team and walks towards the church!. Victor was sitting on a pew,
Abraham walks and sits next to him. Abraham says "Surrender yourself!". Victor looks
at Stephen and says "I have done something very wrong, against what we do and I do
want to confess it to you!". Stephen fixes a silencer to the gun and shoots Victor on
his head and says "You are not whom I hoped, nor whom I guided you to be! You have
strayed from the light and embraced the shadows! So be it, may the devil walk beside
you, for you have made him your shepherd!". Abraham is shocked looking at Stephen and
says "What is this father?". Stephen hands Abraham his gun back and calls the cops to
arrest himself. Azam walks inside, Stephen looks back, and Abraham headshots him.
Abraham says to the father "He who exalts the devil to the seat of the Divine is a
blasphemer in spirit and a devil in flesh; upon him shall fall the unrelenting judg-
ment of the Almighty—if not by the hand of God Himself, then by the fire-wrought
hands of His anointed, for such wickedness shall not go unpunished in heaven or on
earth". Stephen is arrested for murdering Victor and a charge sheet is filed on
Abraham for wrong dealing of ammunition.
Started from the land of the Father of the Nation — Gandhi, where truth was a weapon
and silence was strength, and ended in Switzerland, the land of serenity and neutral-
ity, where peace is not fought for but lived.
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The BBB.pdf ---

The BBB
"I have seen the sunrise, sunshine and sunset. Today our sunsets but we will rise
again and Shine harder" says Manoj. Political science classroom filled with students
listening to their classmate Manoj eagerly. Manoj continues "Political science is all
about Rising and setting like a sun. My conversation ends here". The whole classroom
starts clapping. The Teacher appreciates Manoj saying "Each backbencher must be like
Manoj. He shows with his ability and not attitude". Manoj walks out and goes inside
the canteen. Few boys come inside the canteen in an angry face and stands in front of
Manoj. Manoj looks at them. The boys and Manoj burst out in laughter. Manoj tells
them "you know technology is developing day by day. We are getting full in our inter-
nals today. Thanks to AI Chats. I wore Bluetooth in my ear and our teacher didn't
find that too. Next is yours all the best!". Manoj, Varun, Kumar and Jay are the
backbenchers of 'EG college of Political Sciences'. They had one more member with
them previously who was rusticated from college for his behavioural actions. His name
was 'Xavier'. Xavier was considered as college don before he got rusticated. Now he
plays football for a local team. Manoj and his friends like to sleep during the
class, back answer the teacher and to go behind girls, if they didn't do that in a
day they come to college according to them they were not considered as a backbencher
then. The other students in the college kept the friends gang name as 'BBB- back-
bencher boys'. The college was situated in a town. All people in the college were lo-
cal to the area where the college was situated, so there were no hostels thankfully
for the college. If there were hostels the BBB would have made up a loss of nearly
20-30 lakhs for the college owner Mr.Rafi.
New academic year, The BBB had 1 year to pass the course and leave the college. The
New joined students were addicted to smoking, alcohol and Drugs. They had a new name
in the whole College 'DDD- Drug Dudes Democracy', their leader was so called Jacob
along with Dev, Joseph and Nakul. Jacob didn't like the BBB and The BBB's didn't like
the DDD because they had created their own democracy in the college. The first day
they arrive, Jacob goes to speak with BBB. Jacob says to Manoj "You are the BBB
should not involve in anything we do". The BBB's burst out laughter and Varun says
"BBB? What is that?". Jacob replies "You are the BBB's right the college people call
you with his name". Manoj stops Varun and says "Okay whatever you call us BBB or
something, why would we involve in what you are doing?, you think we don't have any
other work?". Manoj goes on and makes fun of Jacob. Jacob triggered come back
silently and tell the DDD's what Manoj had told him. Nakul asks the DDD's to plan for
a fight with the BBB's to take revenge on making fun of them. The BBB's never in-
volved in any fight after Xavier was rusticated. One evening when the college was
over, the DDD's call BBB's to a ground to play football. BBB's accept for a match and
arrive at the ground at 6pm. The match was 4v4, there was one goal keeper, one de-
fender and two forwards (one was acting defender too). The DDD's had brought a refree
too. The match start, mid match The DDD's start hitting the BBB's. Kumar never went
on fights was severely injured. Jay runs outside the ground and calls Xavier. Xavier
was on his way for football practice. Listening to what the DDD had done takes his
Bike and arrives at the ground with Jay. Xavier punches Jacob on his face. Kicks Dev
and threatens Nakul. Varun and Manoj starts to hit Joseph. The DDD's run for their
life. Xavier tells to Kumar "You called me from my football practice for this small
matter?". Manoj tells to Xavier "After you got rusticated from our college, we don't
have value in our campus. You never asked the principal sorry and take you back to
our college too". Xavier laughs and says "Past is Past, what was that AI quote
'Political science is all about Rising and setting like a sun' my political science
is like a sun setting in a moon". Xavier takes his bike and goes back to his practice
ground. On the way he remembers.
The day Xavier was rusticated
Xavier goes to the principal's office. He tells the principal Mr.Mohan "Sir, I need
TC". Principal shocked asks "Why do you want TC, why do you want to leave? You are
the proud Backbenchers of our college". Xavier replies "I want to do what I love, I
love playing football and want to become a football player. Thats why I want to drop
out". Principal replies "Ok I'll make it ready in a week". Xavier tells "Sir, I have
a request. As you know I am one of the 'Proud backbenchers of our college' just shout
you are rusticated as it will level up the backbencher in me. This is a request. Just
tell behavioural issue and I'll tell others the rest of the story". The principal
then shouts "You are rusticated! For behavioral issues" and winks at Xavier. Xavier
then tells his friends and teachers "The principal called me when I was passing
through his cabin. He told me as I am considered a backbencher I had to focus more on
scoring marks. I got angry because he called me a backbencher and it was like I am
not passing in any subject, my score though is average. I then shouted at the princi-
pal and he rusticated me". Everyone in the college believed this story.
Present
The DDD's decide to take revenge from Xavier and plan to hit him at his practice
ground. The DDD leave to the practice ground and when they reach there, there was a
local match taking place. Jacob goes and sits in a seat. Jacob shocked seeing
Xavier's performance starts to cheer up for their team. The BBB got to know DDD are
planning to hit Xavier. Suddenly in the match one forward player from Xavier's team
gets injured. There were no substitutes in Xavier's team due to budget constraints.
If they couldn't find a player, the match would be forfeited and Xavier's team would
be disqualified. Jacob gets up removes his shirt and runs towards the field. Manoj
runs to catch Jacob as he thought he might be going to start a fight. Running through
the crowd Jacob runs to Xavier and whispers something in his ears. Suddenly the com-
mentator announces "we have got a substitute for team 'Grey warriors' his name is
Jacob!". The whole crowd was shocked. Listening to this Manoj stopped chasing and
sits back in his seat. Jacob was an excellent forward player along with Xavier was a
midfielder. After a struggling score of 2-3 they come back to 4-5, there was only 10
minutes more for the match to end. Jacob finally scores a goal making draw of 3-3. 5
minutes was left for the match to end. As the match progressed, defending became
problematic for team 'Yellow winners'. Grey warriors struggled when Jacob was going
to score a goal at the last 2 min, the goal is blocked and the ball taken by yellow
winners. Yellow winners score a goal in the last 30 seconds and win the match. The
crowd cheered for Yellow winners. Jacob asks sorry to Xavier. Meanwhile, Nakul and
Manoj starts fighting in the crowd. Manoj stated that the fight was lost after taking
Jacob into the team. The crowd start running looking at the fight. Xavier intervenes
and says to Manoj "We wouldn't have played the next match if Jacob wouldn't have come
to the team. I want no fights from today between you people. Jacob I want your
friends who know to play football in my team and You! Manoj I want all of you in Grey
warriors from tomorrow". The next day onwards The DDD stopped doing drugs, smoking
and drinking alcohol to focus in the game. The BBB and DDD join their hands for the
future games going to take place. After this day BBB and DDD were joined to Grey war-
riors and in college they together were named as 'GFD- Great Football Dudes'. Next
day onwards their practice start and their coach was their principal Mr.Mohan.
[Interval]
Manoj asks Mohan "Sir, I understand you are our coach because I have seen some foot-
ball cups and a photo of you playing football in your cabin. But, look at that Jacob
and team. They don't know to play and they do drugs and drink alcohol which is not
allowed in any game". Mohan clarifies "Jacob was a small time player previously be-
cause he was not selected in a state level match he went to depression and started
this. Now, he has started to overcome this". Manoj replies "what about his friends
they are addicted like too much!". Suddenly Xavier comes to the scene and Manoj
stops. Xavier tells "Are they good sir?". Mohan tells all is going well. Before their
next match Nakul comes drunk to the changing room. Manoj triggered starts a Fight
with DDD. Jacob and Xavier tries to stop them and they didn't stop. Jay and Dev start
hitting eachother scratching eachother's face. Manoj bangs Nakul's head on the wall.
Joseph pulls Kumar and hit his head continuously on the locker. Varun punches Jacob
on the nose making him bleed. Varun Takes the football pump and throws it on Nakul.
Nakul spins and throws a ball on Kumar's face really hard. The final call for the
team to arrive is made. The Main Xavier's team 'Grey warriors' enters the field. The
Changing room had turned into ruckus. The new Jerseys were torn. Mohan was speechless
to them. Everyone in the room was hurt. The DDD go to Nakul's home which was near the
field. The DDD in anxiety drink some alcohol and take in some drugs. Enraged with the
resolution they again go to start a fight. On the way walking back to the field a car
hits them and the four are thrown at the side of the road. The 'Grey warriors' win
the match. After the match Xavier scolds Manoj and the BBB for making such a nuance
in the changing room on the match day. Manoj replies "You think we are fools looking
at what is happening here it is like you were not rusticated and asked the principal
to give you TC and created a story to us. The principal who rusticated you is our
coach, people who tries to hit us are our team members. I'm not in this game from
now, Varun, Kumar and Jay you decide whether you want to stay". Varun, Kumar and Jay
decide to go with Manoj. Before leaving Xavier tells them that "Yes!(angrily) I in-
fact lied to you about the rustication and all was a made up story and I had TC and
not the rustication letter". On their way back home they find the DDD fallen in the
side of the road dead. They inform the police about this incident.
The police investigates and finds alcohol and drug content in their blood. Supposedly
they must have had suicidal tendency and jumped in front of a car together. On fur-
ther investigation they find out the fight between BBB and DDD and arrests Manoj.
Xavier tries to explain the police but the police arrests Xavier too. Both are ques-
tioned and sent back home. Varun and Jay come to the station and take Xavier and
Manoj back home. Xavier gets down at the field and asks them to go. Kumar was with
Mohan in the Field. Xavier takes breaks a bulb in anger and the bulb builds up fire
in the cloths and chairs in the field. Mohan and Kumar runs outside and asks Xavier
to come outside. Jay asks Varun and Manoj to stop seeing the fire in the field. Jay
takes his bike and goes to call the fire engine. The Fire was completely spread out.
Xavier stood in middle of the field safe unable to come outside. Varun understanding
Jay would take some time to come finds a water pump nearby connects the pipe with a
pressure head. And starts to reduce the fire. But was unable to stop it. Jay comes to
the field with fire engine and starts to extinguish the fire. Next day, Xavier was
arrested by the police charged for clearing evidence of the fight and the death of
DDD. Manoj tries to get bail for him by providing CCTV footage of the incident and
stating that Xavier had not done anything. Xavier was sent out on bail clear of
charges. Xavier missed 3 matches and the board had confusion whether to take back
Xavier into the team due to the ongoing cases. Xavier goes to the board and resigns
and ends his contract. Manoj suggests Xavier "Try reconsidering and completing your
degree. Atleast that will get you a job". Xavier joins back to EG college of
Political Sciences. The BBB abbreviation changed to 'Boring Backbencher Boys'. Varun
decides to make the whole team happy by adding their name in the college fest. Kumar,
Varun and Jay decide to train the team Mainly Xavier and Manoj. After few days of
preparation they were completely tired and didn't prepare for the last 2 days. On the
day of the fest morning behind the stage the BBB start practicing. Varun by mistake
hits a student while practicing. The student whose name was Ashok hits Varun. Varun
falls down on a box. Xavier apologises Ashok. Varun gets up and sees his pants having
a white powder in his back. They open the box to see drugs. Ashok asks them to leave
the box alone. Xavier tells Ashok "You know what happened to DDD and now you bring
these things again? You won't get this back now!". Ashok calls his friends and start
hitting BBB. Varun Takes the box and start to run around the college. Kumar takes the
wall banner and throws it on one student. Xavier punches Ashok and throws him to the
wall. Manoj catches one and throws him on the stage. The audience start thinking the
next event is an action drama and start cheering for the fight. The props on the
stage falls down. Jay takes his bike and calls the police and brings them to the cam-
pus. Xavier, Manoj, Kumar and Jay hand over Ashok to the police and gives them the
box. Xavier discusses "Before we used to not care, after the DDD died, I feel scared
looking at those things. Now I don't feel guilty. Okay! Leave it. Next we are having
our dace right, let's prepare". They turn back and the see the stage completely de-
stroyed props broken the fest banner fallen down. The BBB call few people fix the
stage and continue the fest. After the fest they go to the canteen and begin to eat
as they were starving when the principal Mohan comes to Xavier and says "After you
left the team, we hardly won few matches because it was very tough to find a replace-
ment and you were out key midfield player. It's ok if you don't want to come but I
came to tell you that we need you!". Xavier declines the invitation and tells "I want
to get a degree and leave this town and look for a job!".
15 years later
Kumar qualifies upsc and is a collector now. He decides to call the BBB back to col-
lege for a reunion. After a long search he finds Manoj's number. Manoj was now a
philosopher and had multiple blogs. Varun had become a teacher and Xavier was un-
known. Jay infact had become a actor. The BBB try to find Xavier but could not find
him. They tried sending emails, mails and message to all the people he knows and
their addresses and no result. They decide to do the reunion without him. On the day
of reunion all were sad as they couldn't find Xavier. For their surprise Principal
Mohan too arrive at the reunion. Suddenly Manoj is called by someone. When Manoj goes
there he finds Xavier. Manoj hugs Xavier and says "We tried to find you for this re-
union. How did you get to know about this?". Xavier replies "My name is not Xavier
now, it's John Britto. Your mails were returned because of my name and my old mail id
no longer works. Mohan told me about this and I came. I am a football coach now. I
coach our state's football team". Manoj takes Xavier to the rest of the people. After
having a friendly chat. Manoj makes fun of Varun "You are a teacher now, a back-
bencher teacher" laughs. Varun replies "You too are not different you might be using
AI chat for your philosophy. Remember that 'I have seen the sunrise, sunshine and
sunset. Today our sunsets but we will rise again and Shine harder. Political science
is all about Rising and setting like a sun'. I didn't forget it still got free inter-
nal marks for this. While all speak about this Xavier says "Want to come with me to
my Football ground?". All get in Xavier's car and goes to the football field. A mod-
ern one with all amenities. Manoj comments "Xavier, this is and was your dream
ground! It's excellent". They all speaking about what all happened after they left
the college and walk in the empty road to the college.
The end
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Final Document.pdf ---

The Final Document
Day 1,
20th January 2016
JK Roy aka Writer Roy aka Roy, "I am going to create a new world.A world with
no corruption.A world with no sorrow.A world which will salute the great and
good.A world where Good is Dominant over the Evil". Roy wakes up.He looks at
the time, It was 5.36 am.Roy freshes up and opens his dream diary.He writes
the things he sees in his dreams in that Diary.He pulls his bag keeps the
diary in it fills ink in his fountain pen.He then sits on his bike and leaves
to work.
Roy used to live alone in an appartment.
He was a disciplined man.He used to leave for work daily exactly at 7am.He
used to reach home at 5pm.He was an introvert and a person who used to never
speak with anybody and only cared about his work.
SJ Raj aka Police Raj aka Raj, " Goa! Goa! Goa! what a beautiful Place.I
would live my whole life there".A police constable comes near Raj and
says"Some people have come to meet you". Raj stops scrolling the internet and
asks them to come inside.An old man with his son enters Raj's Cabin.The old
man says"Good morning sir,My son has a complaint".Raj takes the complaint and
starts to read it."My name is Jackson. I work in News 3.42. I have a boss
named Sahul. He wants to create a headline news on inaccuracies of Indian
Police system. I resigned my job for that reason. Now, as i know about their
plan, sahul is threatening to kill me. I hence am requesting you to take
action against this channel and the chairman Sahul. It's my sincere request
not to reveal my name".Raj says he would look after his privacy and will take
action immediately.Raj immediately forwards the complaint to senior officials
requesting a warrant to seal the news station. As soon as Raj gets the
warrant he leaves to the News 3.42 station to seal it. For further
investigation and conspiracies the senior editor Roy was taken to custody.
Roy was not ready to give any information because he was told he would be
paid if he doesn't open his mouth. The police had to beat Roy brutally.
Unable to bear more pain Roy give on information about the conspiracies
getting created by news stations on Police. The following statements were
recorded. They left Roy after taking the recordings.
Day 2,
21th January 2016
Time:12.26am
Roy Couldn't sleep due to the humiliation he got after the police incident
from the Chairman Sahul. Sahul"You are just a futile human being who cannot
bear a little pain. This is the reason you still are alone in your life and
you have no family or a life partner". Roy Grabs a glass of alcohol drinks
it, Types something on his computer and goes to sleep.
Time:10.48am
"I would like you to on the TV on your cabin and look into any news channel
and give me explanation" said the DGP.Raj on's the TV and finds out that
every news channel talked about him and how he beat up a innocent senior
creative editor. Raj started getting continuous phone calls on this issue.
Raj leaves to DGP's office. The DGP gives him an Suspension order for 6
months.
Raj on the way back home sees Roy standing waving hand towards him on the
road. Raj stops his car. Roy enters Raj's car. Raj asks Roy why he did this
to him. Roy " I am a senior 'creative' editor so i won't tell you the matter
straight. Just I'll give you a hint. The hint is 21st January 2009." Raj says
"I don't get you. Today's date is 21st January 2016. What happened 7 years
back? And what is it between you and me?"
Roy replies "We cannot say every relations from first you will soon get to
know". Raj asks where to drop Roy. Roy asks to stop the car and says his home
is over there showing a building and gets down the car.
Time:3.56pm
Raj goes through all his old documents and case files but the day 21st
January 2009 was the day he joined as the ACP in Bangalore City.
[FlashBack]
21st January 2009
Time:1.26am
"Barack Obama was sworn in as the 44th president of the United States
yesterday in a historic moment that resonated from the nation's capital to
all corners of the world."Roy wrote in his news corner.
The paper that day morning had this news all over. Raj joins in As ACP of
Bangalore. Raj like any other police officer wanted the city clean. He had a
normal ceremonial kind of first day and came back home after a family party
at 12.56am 22nd January 2009.
[Current day]
Time:6.43pm
Raj shouts "how am I linked to him!?". Mohan a police constable was retiring
today. Raj asks mohan"Do you know Journalist Roy and what happened on 21st
January 2009?". Mohan replies "Yes sir i know him. It was you who asked us to
burn down a house in bb nagar block 23.".
Raj replies "Me... I told to burn down a house? What! I never asked anyone to
burn anyone's house". Mohan replies "I still remember that day. A woman and
her 2 children died that day,The woman's husband was Roy.". Raj looks
confused. Raj asks Mohan"It could have never been me. Ok leave it. Now what
should I do to relieve you". Mohan asks to sign a document. Raj signs and
mohan leaves.
Raj gulps a complete 1 litre bottle.
He takes his car and says he is leaving to home and moves. He goes home and
drinks alcohol.
Day 3
22nd January 2016
Time:10.24am
Raj was quite asleep. Suddenly he hears a plate break. Raj opens his eyes.
His eyes were slightly blur. He gets up looks near the door which had view of
the kitchen. He sees a girl and and........ Himself?!. Raj wipes his eyes and
they were gone. He thought it might just be a day dream. He makes a cup of
coffee. He gets ready and goes to the police station. A female police was
joining today. Her name was Rajeshwari. As Soon as he saw her he gets some
feelings for her. She was joining as ACP. As soon as she was appointed, Raj
gets a phone call from DGP. He asks Raj to come to his office right now. Raj
goes inside the office. The DGP gives him his dismissal order. DGP asks Raj
to hand over his gun, cap and the police belt. Raj asks why he was getting
dismissed. DGP Ram says "You had left the main culprit Roy to escape
yesterday and we saw it from the CCTV camera in the traffic signal you didn't
see while dropping him off". Raj hands over the things and comes out. And
walks out shamefully. As he was walking he hears a gun shot from the DGP's
office. Raj runs towards the office door and finds Ram dead. The constable
asks who shot him. Ram points at Raj. Ram dies on the way to hospital. Raj
was taken to Custody.
Day 4
23rd January 2016
Saturday
Raj is sent to court. The court gives 2 years prison for Raj.
[2 years later]
22nd January 2018
Time:9.48am
Raj comes out of jail. Constable mohan was waiting outside. Raj says"I didn't
expect to see anybody for me outside".
Mohan says"I shouldn't be telling this to you but i need to tell you
something. My Grandson is a Scientist". Raj says "So". Mohan continues "It
was an inside information that it was clearly seen in CCTV camera in DGP's
office that you were the one who shot him and took the gun away. But none of
them recovered the gun from you. It was seen you went out and came back
inside creating an no doubt on you situation". Raj"You are suspecting me for
the murder aren't you?". Mohan says "My grandson Manoj has created a time
machine and i doubt i can confirm that it's you who used that time machine to
kill the DGP and take away that gun". Raj stops him by saying " So now you
are scared. I shouldn't use that machine right?". Mohan replies "It's good
for you as well as us". Raj silently leaves to his home.
[For few days Raj was with alcohol and depression.]
18th February 2018
Time:9:07am
"I must check on Rajeshwari whether she is married and if not I'll propose
her. Will she accept me without knowing anything about me. Let's give it a
try". Raj takes his car and goes to the police station. He asks Rajeshwari to
come outside the station. He proposes her. Rajeshwari replies to him saying "
when i first saw you even i had some feelings for you. But now you don't have
a job. I don't think my family can accept you". Raj replies " Don't worry
about that I'll get a job very soon". Rajeshwari gives Raj her phone number
and tells to call her at night. Raj calls her at night "You accepted me
without thinking. Now it's running in my mind. Police have considered me as a
murderer but you don't care about it?". Rajeshwari replies "Even i thought so
untill i saw the CCTV footage. You were wearing police uniform untill you
were in the cabin. But later you were wearing a white t-shirt with a brown
jacket. And later when you entered the police station you were in the police
uniform. That's when i declared it wasn't you". Raj says" I am going to find
out who it was. Can you come over to my home right now?" Rajeshwari replies"
yeah sure I'll be there in sometime".
Time:10.26pm
Raj says " you have to find who mohan our retired constable's grandson is
right now". Rajeshwari replies" Right away". Rajeshwari gets his location and
they both leave to there. Raj meets Manoj. Asks about his time machine. He
also asks how to use it and wanted to borrow it and will give it back it the
same time. Manoj explains how it works. Manoj says it is not his time machine
but he modified it for some reason. Raj notes the time:11.29pm. He and
Rajeshwari takes the time machine and goes to the time 10.20am on 22nd
January outside his home. Raj hides the time machine and enters his house.
Raj asks Rajeshwari to look for his gun. Rajeshwari searches the living room
and enters the kitchen to check it's drawer. Meanwhile Raj looks at himself
asleep. Rajeshwari's hand touches a plate on the shelf and it falls down and
breaks. The Raj who was asleep wakes up. The Raj from future runs to the
kitchen and scolds Rajeshwari in a slow voice. Raj looks from the door from
his bedroom towards the kitchen. Raj asks Rajeshwari to jump out of the
window. Raj tells Rajeshwari that they will get his gun from the DGP's office
and meanwhile see who had killed him.
Time:11.59am
Raj and Rajeshwari wear a mask. They both wear a jacket over their dress like
nobody could identify them even by looking at their body shape. Raj enters
DGP Ram's office. Raj says "I am not going to reveal my face and my name. You
are very soon going to get killed. I have come to give you information please
be safe sir". Ram replies "I am going to get killed? Lol do you think i look
like a fool. Will anybody have so much guts to come inside DGP's office and
kill me the DGP. He will instantly get arrested". Ram stops as he gets a call
from Home secretary. Ram calls Raj and asks him to come to his office
immediately. Raj and Rajeshwari move inside a small room inside DGP's office.
As soon as Raj leaves Raj from future comes out the DGP pulls out Raj's mask.
Raj grabs the gun from the table. He was going to run when Ram points his gun
to Rajeshwari. Ram pulls Rajeshwari towards him keeping gun on her head. Ram
says "I kill you and take her with me". Raj takes his gun and shoots right on
to his hands and then to his chest. Raj asks Rajeshwari to run and jump out
of the window. Raj tells Rajeshwari "I had been punished for the deeds i had
done. Now my heart feels light. I was feeling i had been convicted for
something i had not done but i was convicted for what i was going to do. I am
really a murderer".
Rajeshwari"I didn't know you would even murder anybody for me". Raj"I am full
of surprises right". Raj continues"I need to save a family to make such that
these things wouldn't happen. We need to Go to 21st January 2009". They leave
to this day at the time 5.57pm to the police station. Raj wears his old
police uniform which luckily was fitting to him. The telephone in the police
station started ringing. They gave information that a building in bb nagar
block 23 was burnt by a mysterious man. Raj remembered the place. Raj asks
the whole police station to leave for the place. Raj moves first. Raj was
accompanied by Rajeshwari. They reach way before the police arrived. The
house was not burning. Raj asks Rajeshwari to take the 2 children and Roy's
wife to a safe place. A whole gang holding fire on flambeau. Raj gets
attacked by them when he tries to stop them burn the house. A man comes ah
hits Raj on the back using the flambeau. Raj's uniform starts burning. Raj
removes the shirt. Another man comes to stab Raj using a sickle. Raj dodges
the stav and holds his hand and twists it and pulls out the sickle.
Raj stabs the man who had hit him with a flambeau. Raj pulls his gun and
shoots everyone. He puts the bodies in Roy's house. Meanwhile the police
arrive with the fire engine. Raj says"we will only require this fire engine
once this house has turned into ashes". Raj asks the police men to burn Roy's
house. Raj takes this police Jeep and leaves. On his way back he encounters
Roy. Raj gets down to explain the things. Roy was not ready for hearing
anything. Roy punches Raj on his face. Pulls him and pushes forcefully on the
jeep. Lifts Raj and throws him onto the windshield of the jeep and the
windshield breaks. Raj gets up weak. Raj stands up and kicks Roy onto his
face. Roy falls down. Raj kicks Roy in his stomach 5 times and pulls his
shirt making him to stand. Punches twice on his face. Roy spits out blood.
Roy punches Raj on his face. Raj flips and falls down. Raj gets up and tries
to kick Roy 3-4 times. Roy blocks all his kicks and finally kicks Raj
directly on his chin. Raj levitates and falls down. Raj pulls out the sickle
he had with him. He scratches Roy's stomach 2 times. The 3rd time Roy bends
down and Raj scratches the sickle directly onto his forehead. Roy starts to
bleed. On one corner of the road Roy was almost going to die. Raj lifts Roy
puts him in his jeep and drops him in a hospital and leaves to where
Rajeshwari was with Roy's family. Raj reaches and says "Now they can live
peacefully. As a family. Now what should we do Rajeshwari?". Rajeshwari
replies"Roy from future has not been able to see his children's childhood.
Even if we leave them here he wouldn't have much difference but if we take
them to our time he would be happy and take care of them in a way even they
wouldn't have thought of". Raj starts the time machine and enters the time
11.30pm 18th February 2017...............
They reach the year 2017. The time machine crash lands. Manoj didn't know who
they were. Raj explains the things to Manoj. Manoj understands the things.
Manoj clarifies that this time machine has to be repaired and cannot be used
for sometime. Raj and Rajeshwari leaves Roy's family to Roy. Raj explains
what all had happened, to Roy. Raj on the way back asks Rajeshwari "Now i
understand why Roy wasn't here when i came out of jail". Manoj didn't take 2-
4 days but it took exactly 1 year to fix the time machine. Now there was no
point of going future or past. The same events occured chronologically.
[2 years later]
Roy became a politician in 2017. He gained people's belief and now 2019
elections he was elected as the CM of Karnataka just due to his Popularity
among the citizen. Nobody had ever become a CM in such short period of time.
His dream had come true.
Raj was in a beach trip in Goa with Rajeshwari. Both enjoying the sunbath in
the beach. It's not his dream has come true but their dream had come true.
Suddenly a thought struck in Raj's mind " The time machine which i used. If
Manoj had got it from us then who made it?"
It was a paradox
This is my Final Document.
Written by:Nivedh Sunil


--- The Last Cut.pdf ---

The Last Cut
Midnight in a random street in India. A butcher shop's light glew in the dark. The
noise of meat being cut echoed through the quiet night. It started to drizzle. The
man cutting the meat put it into a garbage bag and stepped outside. He stood there,
holding the garbage bag in one hand and a backpack slung over his shoulder. A bus
stopped in front of the shop. The man got inside, taking the garbage bag and backpack
with him. As the bus moved he takes a seat next to a man wearing a police uniform.
The police man asks "Where are you going?". The man replied "I'm on my way to Manali,
what about you sir?". The police replies "I am on my way there too! This is a long
route bus, takes around 5 days for Manali!". The man replies "Yes, I know that!". The
police man tells his name to be Shivaram aka Shiva, Clean Shaved, medium hair, about
6ft tall. The man tells his name as Dev, long bearded, with long hairs, about 6ft
tall. The police was getting transferred to Manali as ACP. Dev told Shiva that he was
going to Manali as his butcher shop was too old and wanted to get some work in a
place far from his hometown. In the middle of the journey, the bus breaks down.
People in the bus were asked to get down. Dev goes forward and asks the driver "Can I
help you?". The driver harshly replies "Even I, as the driver cannot repair this bus.
It is too old for repairs". Dev insists in repairing and makes the bus run smoothly.
Shiva asks dev later on the bus "What all works do you know?". Dev replies "Anything
I get to work, I work at my best!". On reaching Manali, Shiva gives Dev his card with
his phone number. Shiva turns back and finds Dev searching something. Shiva goes back
to Dev and asks "What are you searching for?". Dev replies "I don't know whom to ask
for a job". Shiva asks Dev to come along with him. Dev was resistant but later agreed
to go with Shiva. Shiva takes him to his private police quarters and asks "feel free
to use whatever you want. I'll be going to the station to get done with my appoinment
order". Dev replies "Feel free? Should I pay you later?". Shiva replies "Never mind,
it's all yours and mine together, take it that way!". Shiva takes his appointment or-
der and leaves for the police station. Shiva asks the constable to meet the
Commisioner. The constable replies "Your joining date was postponed as the current
ACP is going to retire in two days and the commissioner has gone outside". Shiva de-
cides to return back to the quarters. When he arrives, Dev was no where to be found.
Shiva asks the security for Dev. The security replies "He just left to the Beas
River". Shiva's car and bike were yet to come. He takes an auto and asks the driver
to take him where the tourists go to see the Beas river. The driver takes him to the
river banks. Dev was standing in the banks of the river completely zoned out. Shiva
stands beside Dev and tells "I am free for more two days, you have any plans for
finding a job?, then I can help you!". Dev doesn't reply, turns back and starts to
walk to the quarters. Shiva comes behind Dev and asks him to say something. Dev
stops, grabs Shiva's hand and runs. Shiva turns back and finds people chasing them.
Both run inside the quarters. Dev opens his bag and takes out his cleaver. Shiva
falls down in shock and asks "Is this what you have in your bag?, then what do you
have in your trash bag?". Shiva looks around for the trash bag. Dev replies "It had
the body of their leader! And I just disposed it in the river!". Shiva locks the door
and looks out through the window. The men chasing them were blocked by the security.
One of them hits the security and enters into the compound. One of the henchmen
starts to knock the door. Dev tightens his grip on the cleaver. Shiva sits down, eyes
teared, scared in fear and face sweaty. Shiva pulls out his gun. Dev asks Shiva "Go
inside the room and lock yourself!". Shiva grabs his gun and replies "No!, after this
is over, I'll have to get you arrested!". The henchmen break the door and enter in-
side. Before Dev could do anything, the man stabs Dev in his stomach. Dev starts to
scream loudly. Shiva shoots the man who stabbed Dev. Dev takes out the knife from his
stomach and stabs it into another man. Dev takes his cleaver and starts to stab each
of the henchmen one by one. Finally, a man enters the room. Dev looks at him and
shouts "Rajeev?!, So it was you!, I killed Jaffer, Next is you!". Rajeev's legs
starts to tremble, he takes his sickle and tries to stab Dev. Dev dodges the stab and
stabs Rajeev with his cleaver. Rajeev dies instantly. Dev sits on Rajeev's body and
starts to stab him continuously like a maniac. Shiva looks around the room, com-
pletely messy with blood stains all over the wall. Glass and doors were broken. Shiva
asks Dev "Who are you?". Dev tells his past to Shiva.
Few years ago
Dev's full name was Devesh Sharma, clean shave, medium short hairs. He worked under
an atheist organisation and was an atheist. Dev was the face of the organisation,
participating in public debates and open talks. He had few friends working with the
organisation, One of them was Jenifer, Shiva's Fiancee and Dev's best friend. There
was a social media handle in which, the marketing head posted really bad things about
every religion hurting each religion's sentiment. This created a huge backlash among
the public. The public started attacking the organisation building. People from all
religions started to rush inside to hit the people who hurt their sentiments and
started a riot. Later, the police intervened to stop the riot. By the time, the riot
ended, many people from the organisation has lost their lives including Jenifer. The
main leaders were Rajeev shankar from Hindu society and Ismail Ibrahim from Muslim
society. Ismail's main follower was Jaffer. Dev couldn't bear the weight of the num-
ber of people he had seen dead goes into exile far from his hometown. Hiding himself
in a butcher shop. Dev had grown his hair and beard. One day, Jaffer comes into the
butcher shop to buy meat. Jaffer identifies Dev and calls his men to come to the
shop. Dev overhears the conversation and decides to confront Jaffer. When the night
arrived, jaffer comes into the butcher shop along with his men. Dev starts to pull
Jaffer using a rope and tieing it on Jaffer's neck. One by one Dev kills all Jaffer's
men. Thinking that it's not safe staying in the Butcher Shop anymore, decides to go
to another place far away. In the same night, Dev cuts the men into pieces and puts
them in a trash bag. Divides it into three bags. Disposed one in the shop, other in
the bus stand and one in the Beas river.
Present Day
Shiva gets to know about what happened to Jenifer and says "I knew Jenifer always
told to meet Devesh, and told he was a great man!, but great to what extent? You just
killed lives of many!". Dev replies "These lives I have taken may be a crime, but I
need to prove we are wrong! I need to find out who created that hateful message
against all communities!". Shiva replies "I! I did it!". Dev is shock and starts to
punch Shiva on his face. Shiva tells Dev "Please listen to me!". Dev doesn't listen
and starts to kick Shiva. Shiva punches Dev on his face. Dev grabs Shiva's collar and
jumps on his face and starts to slap Shiva on his face. Shiva shouts "I was forced to
change the post in the social media!". Dev stops and falls on the floor. Shiva tells
Dev "I was working as the police cyber head during that time!. I hated the place
where Jenifer worked and that's when Ismail came to my life. Ismail was a friend of
the Commisioner and the commissioner wanted me to help him. Ismail Ibrahim wanted to
close your atheist organisation, and asked me to hack into your social media handles
and to post such things!". Dev shouts "What did we do wrong?, my friends lost their
lives and my life was turned into ruins!". Shiva tells "What about mine?, I did it
thinking it as a benefit and later killed my love, my fiancee Jenifer!". Dev tells
"The villain of our story is Ismail!, I'll kill him and you can arrest me!". Shiva
tells "No! You wouldn't get arrested! I'll take care of the matters!". Dev and Shiva
Shake their hands. The quarters was a two storey building, so Dev shifts to the first
floor with his bag. Shiva makes a Call to somebody named "II" standing next to the
window when Dev is not around. Shiva tells "Ismail! Out community's Rajeev is Dead!
It would be great if we join hands together and kill Dev in public!". Ismail, Long
bearded 6ft long with short hairs, says "Mission Ram-Rahim is On!". Dev overhears
their conversation from the first floor window and smirks.
[Interval]
Two days later, Shiva joins to his post as ACP of Manali division. Red alert was de-
clared all over Manali as weather reports suggested heavy rainfall for a week. Ismail
takes his car and leaves to Manali without knowing about the notification. A small
landslide was hit near to Manali blocking the flow of Beas river and restricting the
water flow. Dev was in his room. Suddenly an avalanche broke out in the nearby moun-
tain and the snow rushed inside Shiva's police quarter. Dev was trapped inside the
snow. Rescue operations were started on full swing. Water levels started to raise in
the Beas river which was blocked due to the landslide. Manali was covered in an
avalanche on one side and landslide on the other. Rescue operatives could not find
Dev. Shiva calls Ibrahim and informs "Dev is dead!". Ibrahim replies "Let there be an
avalanche or a landslide! I am on my way to Manali to check if he is dead! We don't
want it to happen again, we thought all members of the organisation were dead but
this time we make sure he is dead". Two days after the landslide, Ibrahim stops his
car before the avalanche began and started to walk to the avalanche by making a fake
ID of himself as a rescue operative. The Beas river burst opens through the mud and
comes with full speed hitting the avalanche and the town of Manali. Rescue operations
could not be held further due to heavy water flooding the area. Shiva and Ibrahim re-
joiced as Dev could not be rescued and if he didn't swim up, he will die of suffoca-
tion, so in either of the way with cold or suffocation Dev would have died. Moments
before the flood began, the water hits the avalanche on full force. Dev was pulled
into the water and started to drown. He makes his way out of the quarters but with
the speed of the river, Dev is gushed outside Manali division and had reached Kullu,
40km away from Manali. There were minor floods in Kullu too, Dev is rescued by a res-
cue operative and taken to hospital. The doctor bandaged minor bruises but Dev's legs
were cold and numb and Dev was unconscious. Dev's legs were bandaged and physiother-
apy was being done. Fours days in hospital and Dev got his consciousness back. He
looked at his leg bandaged and asked the doctor "What happened to my legs!?". The
doctor named Safa replied "Your legs were numb due to cold. how did you end up in the
flood?". Dev thinking that Shiva and Ibrahim will be behind him he tells "I am a
fisherman from Dobhi! I was in my home when the river water gushed into my house up-
rooting it from ground!". A week later Dev was discharged. Avalanche was cleared and
flood had stopped in Manali in the meantime. Ibrahim and Shiva were in the police
quarters. Few men enter into the house. Ibrahim and Shiva together shout "Start to
hit him!", pointing at eachother. Few men were Ibrahim's community members and few
were from Shiva's community. They start hitting eachother. Nearby house members too
join the fight starting a religious riot in Manali. People were crowded from day to
night. During the night, Dev enters into the quarters. Ibrahim shouts "Your community
entered into our mosques and attacked our people!". Shiva shouts "Your community
broke out temples! What about that?". Dev limps and enters into the crowd fighting
for their own community. Slowly enters into the house and takes out his cleaver from
his bag. Dev starts to wash the cleaver having the blood of the people he had killed
previously, silently. He keeps the cleaver tucked into his pants. Silently goes out
and Removes petrol from a car stalled near the quarter and fills it into a can. Dev
then makes a hole in the can and spreads the petrol on the floor of the house. Later
burns the matchstick and burns the house. Makes a motolov cocktail and throws it near
the people fighting for religion and starts running. People fighting started to chase
Dev. Shiva and Ibrahim stop fighting and starts to chase behind the people. Shiva
turns back and finds his house burning. Shiva shouts at the people to help him extin-
guish the fire but nobody cared and were busy chasing Dev. Dev dials the firetruck
and they arrive at the scene. As they sprayed water the petrol started to float on
water and started to burn more as the petrol spread. Finnally the fire was extin-
guished with CO2 can. Shiva tries to take his car out and go behind the people to
find out whom they were chasing. When Shiva tries to start his car, it wasn't getting
started. When he checked the car was out of fuel. Dev comes out of the car and starts
to run till he could see the people. Dev reaches the banks of Beas river and finds
the people standing there. Dev gets to know that the person who threw fire at them
jumped into the river. People started blaming eachother stating that it was from
their opposite community who threw fire at them. People started to close the shutters
of the shops and started to burn down cars. Ibrahim stood without speaking anything
in one corner. All eyes went on him. They thought Ibrahim had threw fire at them and
that is why he is not acting for anything. People charged towards Ismail Ibrahim.
Ibrahim started to run. People now assumed that Ibrahim for sure was the person who
threw fire at them. The Muslim community tried to stop the Hindu community to go to-
wards Ibrahim. Dev swims out of the river. Shiva was still standing near the banks of
the river unknowing what it was. Dev punches Shiva from behind. Shiva couldn't under-
stand what was happening and finds Dev standing behind him. At the same time, a so-
cial media post of Ibrahim speaking bad about Muslim community comes out from an
anonymous account which was actually uploaded by Dev. One member who was helping
Ibrahim to run from Muslim community sees the post and tells everyone about it. Even
the Muslim community, now, starts chasing Ibrahim. Ibrahim starts running for his
life. Dev shows the video of Ibrahim speaking and tells Shiva "Public will give back
Ibrahim for his deeds. Now, you get back your deeds from me!". Dev takes out his
cleaver. Shiva couldn't react and slips and falls down. Shiva tells "what about your
deeds? Killing many people?". Dev replies "For my deeds, even being an atheist, I be-
lieve in karma. Karma will hit me back for my deeds!". Shiva tells "All have the same
thing! Why don't let me to karma?". Dev replies "You don't have a different karma! I
am the karma for you!". Dev charges towards Shiva with his cleaver. Shiva dodges the
stab. Dev falls down and rolls on the floor. Shiva and Dev get up and charges towards
eachother. Both hit eachother on heads and fall back. Dev grips his cleaver and cuts
Shiva's right hand. Dev takes the cut hand and throws it into the river. Shiva shouts
in pain and grabs Dev's neck with his left hand. Dev takes his cleaver and cuts
Shiva's left hand. Shiva tells "You could just slice open my throat! Why are you tor-
turing me like this?". Dev replies "That's right!". Dev takes the cleaver and slices
through Shiva's throat, killing him. Dev wipes the blood on the cleaver and throws it
towards the crowd who had surrounded Ibrahim. One Muslim man takes the cleaver and
kills Ibrahim.
Dev walks towards Manali bus stand and takes a bus to kullu. Reaches Kullu and meets
Doctor Safa. She tells "You are Devesh right? I have seen you! Now I am able to get a
good view of your face. Previously it had bandages and I couldn't Identify you". Dev
replies "Yes I am Devesh Sharma". Safa replies "You must have had a hard time after
that riot, right?". Devesh replies "Yes! Can you help me get a shelter here?". Safa
replies "You don't remember me don't you? I used to work as a medical advisor in your
organization! I resigned and shifted here before the backlash to the organisation".
Safa grabs Dev's hand and takes him towards her home. Dev hesitantly walked behind
her, knowing one day anyone who might know him as Devesh will catch up. Dev murmurs
to himself "In the clash between vengeance and justice, we often become the very
darkness we seek to destroy. I am the darkness that lives inside me, and I shall de-
liver my last cut!".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The last relic.pdf ---

The Last Relic
Bangalore
Night, A man 21 years old, slowly opens his room's door. With a bag on his shoulders,
he enters into the living room, opens the main door and the gate and leaves. He was
wearing a hoodie and a cap.
Four years later, Hyderabad
He books a dorm room, they ask for his ID with the name 'Harry Cook'. The
Receptionist asks "Room no. 204 Sir!". Harry nods and the receptionist notices a Cut
on his nose and asks "What happened to your nose?". Harry says "Mind your own
Business Lady!". Harry enters into the room and makes a call and says "I have the
Relic of Buddha!". The other side voice says "Get into the train to Bangalore tomor-
row morning, we will exchange the Relic within the train, you will recieve a phone in
the trash-can, you take the phone and get the instructions from it!". Harry removes
the sim from his phone and melts it. Harry unscrews his phone takes out the storage
unit. He throws the phone down, takes out a hammer from his bag and breaks it.
Meanwhile, Chandrashekhar aka Chandra, aged 58, is appointed to find the thief of the
Last Relic of Buddha. Chandra goes to the excavation site and enquires the chief
Archaeologist named Raman. Raman says "This area is a restricted part and we don't
allow anyone inside except students whom we use for our benefits. They help us in
searching the fossil and we provide them like a hands on experience while our work is
being done". Chandra asks "Anybody other than students who may have entered yester-
day?". Raman denies saying nobody like that has come.
Next day
Harry takes the phone and enters into a coach which was told on phone. Harry is in-
formed to keep the bag with the Relic on top of the bag of the girl sitting in front
of him. The girl was 23 years old as written in her pass. Harry does as said and
smiles at the girl. The train is stopped at a station and rush is filled. Harry is
asked to leave immediately throwing the phone out and the bag will be taken. The girl
notices Harry's bag on top of her bag and rushed to give him back. The girl squeezes
out as Harry gets down from the train, the girl too jumps out and shouts "Hey man!
You left your bag!". Harry runs to her amused and Runs towards her as the train
starts to move. The girl says "You left your bag!". Harry takes the bag, thanks her.
The girl looks at the train and tries to get inside but is unsuccessful. Harry con-
fused on what to do with the bag goes to her and asks "Your train left, What's your
plan?". The girl says "I don't know! I have to reach Bangalore, my family will be
waiting for me!". Harry asks the TC and says to the girl "Next train comes after 6
hours! Come we will go eat something!". On their way the girl introduces herself as
'Maya Thomas'. Maya asks "What do you do?". Harry replies "I am a Archeology
Student!". Maya replies "Your parents allowed you to do that? In my home they just
gave me two options 'Engineering and medicine' after sometime much requests they let
me take B.Com!". Harry smiles and asks "can I call you, Matchstick?". Maya says
"Sure, but why?". Harry laughs and says "Cause you look like one!". They enter into a
restaurant and have something. After sometime, they go back to the railway station.
Harry didn't have his phone to contact the buyer. Harry decides to go with Maya. As
the train arrives, Maya and Harry get into the train and leaves. Meanwhile,
Chandrashekhar takes the list of student and send it to the Cyber-cell to sort out
the phone numbers which are not in service. It sorts out to 5 students 'Harry',
'Christopher', 'Raj', 'Ganesh' and 'Altaf'. All of these 5 students numbers were un-
able to be traced Harry's last location was in a hotel in Hyderabad, Christopher in
Hyderabad Airport, Raj near charminar, Ganesh in Mumbai and Altaf's number in Delhi
and phone was in Dubai. Chandra doubts Altaf and tries to find sources to communicate
with Altaf.
Bangalore
Harry reaches Bangalore and Bids Maya goodbye. He goes to a old workshop and meets an
old man saying "Hassan Bhai, How are you?". Hassan turns and says "I'm fine! What are
you doing here?". Harry says "Just came to see my old City where I grew up!". Hassan
asks "Did you go to your home?". Harry says "No!, Bhai Can you arrange me a second-
hand phone and a sim?". Hassan gives Harry a phone. Harry kept the bag with the Relic
close to him. Hassan asks "What is in that bag?". Harry says "Nothing Bhai!". Harry
unscrews the Phone, removes its existing Storage and puts his old-phone's storage.
While in his room, a girl knocks the door, Harry looks up and it was Maya. Harry
shocked asks "What are you doing here?". Maya replies "I'm living for rent upstairs,
I know Hassan Bhai from 2 years. He told me to give you a tea if possible". Harry
drinks the tea, fixes the phone and puts in the sim. He takes the buyer's number and
calls him. The buyer says "Mission was unsuccessful, we have initiated an assault on
the person because of whom we missed the deal! I'll give you information in this
phone itself hoping it is safe!". Harry says "No! Don't assault the girl!". The buyer
says "No! It's our policy to kill the ones who interrupt!". Harry says "I'm looking
for other buyers then!". The buyer says "Now you're interrupting the deal! I'll have
to get you assassinated then!". Harry says "I am waiting!". As he cuts the call, a
few goons with weapons enter into Hassan's building and climb upstairs to Maya's
room. Harry runs up, catches the collar of a man, punches him on the face and kicks
him out of the Window. Hassan comes out to see what was happening. Harry throws one
man out pushing him through the stair railing, falling down. A man goes to knock
Maya's door. Harry Catches his hand just before knocking, punches him on face and
pulls out the fire-Emergency Axe from his side. He takes the Axe and stabs one person
on his chest. Pulls the Axe jumps up and slices one's throat. Listening to the sound
Maya opens the door and Harry cut's one person's arm, splashing the blood on Maya.
Maya gets shocked and starts to cry and vomits. She goes to a corner of the room and
starts to cry. Harry notices that, he shouts "Get out Now! Or you all are going to
Die!". Everyone start running outside. Harry throws the axe and goes inside. Harry
says "Maya! What happened?". Hassan enters the room and says "She will be fine!" And
gives her a glass of water. Harry says "Let's go To a hospital then!". Hassan says
"She will be fine! But you! Tell me who are all of these people and why they attacked
her! And what's in your bloody bag?". Harry says what had happened.
Few days Ago
Altaf, Harry's Archeology classmate says "Tomorrow we are going to the Buddha
Archeology site. If we find the last relic and sell it we will have enough cash. I
have the buyer! Just give me 10% of what you get, I will go to Dubai anyway and start
a business. You can complete your studies in that amount and do what you want!".
Listening to this Harry agrees. While Excavation, Harry finds the Relic in the office
room and slides it in his bag when no one was around. At the exit point there was a
checking, so Harry brought a pot in the morning and slides the Relic inside the pot,
while hurrying the excavation axe makes a small cut on his nose. A list was made in
the morning with items and it showed the similar amount of things letting him
outside.
Present day
Harry then tells about all of the threats he got from the buyer. Hassan asks "Why are
you trying to save her?". Chandra suddenly arrives from behind pointing a gun at
Harry. Chandra says "Give me the Relic!". Harry asks "What relic?". Chandra says
"Maya, my daughter told me all!". Harry goes down and gives the Relic to Chandra.
Chandra says "I kept all of my people to keep a watch on the 5 students". Maya comes
to him and says the way he threw the phone made her suspicious and staying with
Hassan and opening the phone more suspicious. Maya records what Harry had told to
Hassan and says "I have this recording and I'll have to give it to my dad!". Maya
walks behind her dad and gets into the car. Chandra says "Since you gave it without
any hesitation, I'll say you took it from the people whom you beat up and will re-
cieve a amount which you can use for your studies!". Sadness of Harry turns into hap-
piness listening to this. Harry waves goodbye to Maya. Hassan asks "You did this all
for cash? You could have asked your fath-", Harry covers Hassan's mouth and says
"No!". Harry's phone rings, it was a video call from the buyer. Harry picks the call,
Altaf standing in front of him. Harry asks "So you are the buyer?". Altaf says "Yes!
The police, the girl and you will be killed from my own hands!". Harry asks "Why?".
Altaf says "I thought I'll give you a small amount of 15 lakhs for your education
while my work is done. The actual cost of the Relic is 320 crores! Now I'll do it my-
self". Harry is shocked and says "You won't touch anyone and won't let you touch the
Relic!". Altaf says "Get ready!". Harry says "I am waiting!".
[Interval]
Dubai
Altaf is the son of Fareed, one among the rich people of Dubai. Fareed owns multiple
Oil extraction companies and owns the black market trade for old artifacts. Fareed
gave Altaf his first step into the business with the Relic and that's why he was sent
to study Archeology in India to study and understand how Artifacts work. Altaf gets
into Fareed's office and says "Dad I'm sorry!". Fareed says "You have screwed up re-
ally bad!". Altaf says "I'm leaving to India tomorrow to get the Relic myself!".
Fareed says "If you don't get it right, Forget that I am your father!". Altaf says
"I'll make you proud dad! Just give me some time to make things right". Altaf gets
into a flight back to India.
Bangalore
Harry sits on his bed silently, Hassan walks to him and says "Harry, Maya is a good
girl. She lived in my building for rent since two years. She just did what her father
told. But, She and her father is in danger and I want you to help them! I want you to
turn back to what I told you not to be 4 years ago!". Harry hugs Hassan and says "I'm
going to be their watchdog!". Harry leaves to the guest house in which Chandra and
Maya was living in and stands outside their gate. Chandra had the Relic and had to
hand it to the Hyderabad government after the permissions were completed in banga-
lore. Harry kept following them where ever they went and Maya notices that. Maya un-
known to Harry's intentions, goes to Hassan and asks "Who is he actually?". Hassan
says about Harry 4 years ago.
4 years ago
Xavier Cook is an Indian Industrialist and his son was Harry. Harry's final year re-
sults comes and Harry fails in all the subjects. Harry takes the report card and goes
to Xavier. Xavier says "There's nothing you are capable of! Just leave my office!".
Harry knew Hassan, he calls him and says "You told, if I fail my father might ask my
preference but he just threw me out of his office! I want to study Archeology!".
Hassan consoles him and tells that he will speak with Xavier. Next day, Hassan meets
Xavier. Xavier asks "How can a apprentice like you enter into my office that too for
speaking about my son? Are you his father or me! I want him to be an engineer! That's
it!". Xavier pushes Hassan out. Harry gets angry, he pushes Xavier and slowly pulls
up Hassan. Harry shouts at Xavier "He is as old as your father! I don't want anything
from you!". Xavier humiliated shouts "You do anything you want! But I will not help
you in anything!". Harry says "I don't want to!". Harry leaves his home that night to
build a career of his own. Xavier never tried to find him after he was humiliated in
his office in front of everyone. Harry starts working in Hassan's workshop to get
some money to pay fees for his Archaeological study. One day, A gang enters into the
workshop and asks Hassan for cash. Hassan refuses to give. Harry takes a screw driver
and stabs and kills most of the people in the gang. Looking at this Hassan says "You
leave to Hyderabad immediately". Hassan tried to protect him and gives him life sav-
ings and sends Harry to Hyderabad.
Present day
Maya listens to this and asks "why is he behind me now?". Hassan says "He is trying
to protect you!". Suddenly a group of people enter into Hassan's building and start
searching for Maya. Hassan hides Maya in a secret room and locks it. A black car en-
ters into the building and Altaf comes out of it. Altaf commands the men to beat up
everyone and find and kill the girl named 'Maya'. Hassan blocks Altaf's men on the
door. The man punches Hassan. Hassan falls down, grabs sand and throws it on his face
temporarily blinding the man. Hassan pushes the man down and punches continuously on
the man's neck killing him. Harry was behind Chandra and meets him. Harry says "Sir,
you must stay underground! Altaf and his men are behind the Relic and have planned to
kill you!". Chandra says "Don't worry about me!" Chandra is Sniped and the laser
points at Harry. Harry pulls Chandra, takes cover behind a car. Chandra says "Save my
Daughter and take the Relic to Hyderabad! Please! I trust you! You were never meant
to be a thief!". Harry tries to call an ambulance. The ambulance arrives and Chandra
hands the Relic to Harry. Harry takes Chandra's car and drives to Hassan's building.
The sniper snipes the car's tyre and the car tumbles down crashing. Harry falls un-
conscious. The sniper takes the Relic and informs Altaf that the Relic is with him.
Meanwhile, Hassan kills a few men and is beaten up by Altaf. Altaf makes a video call
to the sniper and asks him to give the phone to Harry. The sniper pours water on
Harry's face and wakes him up, tied and gives him the phone. Altaf shows Hassan tied
and brutally beaten. Altaf says "This old man beat up my gym body men! How can that
happen?". Harry says "Leave him!". Altaf says "No!". He takes the emergency Axe and
says "This is what you used that day right?". Altaf puts Hassan's head on a table and
starts maniacally cutting his head again and again. Harry shouts "No!" And cries. The
sniper takes his phone, relic and leaves. Harry breaks open the knot and leaves to
Hassan's building. Meanwhile, Altaf tries to search for Maya in the building. Harry
stops the car at a distance, slowly opens the secret room and takes Maya and sneak
out. Altaf and his men try to find Maya. Harry says what happened to Chandra and
Harry takes Maya to the hospital where Chandra was admitted. Harry reaches speaks
with the officials and says "Your dad is here! Don't come out under any circum-
stances! Your dad is in high security ward and I have asked for your protection
too!". Maya calls Harry just before Harry enters into the car and asks "What are you
going to do?". Harry says "Altaf has the Relic! I made a promise for your dad and I
must do it even if it means my death!". Maya says "Take Care!". Harry nods and sits
in the car and leaves for the building. Bullet removal surgery was being done for
Chandra.
Dubai
A bid is made for Fareed's company and an Indian Multinational company acquires all
of Fareed Oil's shares. Fareed gets ready to meet the new owner. Suddenly, Fareed
gets a call saying Altaf is in trouble. Fareed asks his people to kill the girl and
man responsible for the issue. Fareed cancels all his schedule and decides to leave
to India.
Bangalore
Harry drifts the car into Hassan's building. Altaf walks out and welcomes Harry.
Altaf says "I was waiting for you here, I have kept the girl Inside!". Harry says
"you can deceive me once, not always! Maya is safe in the hospital!". Altaf makes a
call and says "Go to the hospital!". Listening to this Harry jumps and throws Altaf's
phone aside and punches him. Altaf's men grab Harry behind. Altaf says "I have the
Relic! What about that? I didn't have to waste a penny on that!". Harry jumps and
kicks Altaf with both his legs and falls upon Altaf's men. Harry starts hitting his
hand and legs randomly. All the men fall down. Harry runs and grabs a Wrench from a
box and runs to the men. He hits the people with the wrench, few try to jump on him
from behind. Suddenly, Harry gets the Axe. He takes the axe and starts killing the
men one by one. Altaf takes a rope and holds it around Harry's neck strangling him.
Harry turns and cuts out Altaf's hand. Altaf shouts in pain and falls down. One by
one Harry kills all of Altaf's men and goes to Altaf and says "Where is the Relic? Or
else I'll kill you!". Altaf points at his car. Harry takes the Relic and sits beside
Altaf tired.
Dubai
Fareed goes to enter his private jet and is stopped by the person who bought his com-
pany. The buyer is shown to be Xavier. Xavier says "I bought your company and this
jet is in the name of the company and I own it now!". Suddenly a group of Police ar-
rives. Xavier says "Since you asked me cash in black for your company, I called po-
lice on you!". Fareed is taken by the police.
Bangalore
Few people arrived at the hospital to kill Maya. Maya grabs the fire extinguisher and
hits the men with it. The police arrive and shoots the goons down. The surgery is
successfull and Maya goes to meet Chandra. Chandra says "Xavier, Harry's father is my
friend, when I got to know, I contacted Xavier and asked him for a help. Fareed,
Altaf's father is arrested so that he doesn't come behind all of this in black money
case!". Meanwhile Harry says to Altaf "You want to be a heir to your father's empire
and tried to save the Relic! I wanted to do my thing and left my home! We both wanted
to prove our parents but we became opposites. Now I have to do what your policy says
'kill people who interrupt the business'". Harry gets up and slices Altaf's throat
with his Axe. Harry looks at Hassan's body hugs and cries. Harry then goes to the
hospital and hands Chandra the Relic and says "I don't want the credit! I just want
to live my life peacefully!". Chandra thanks him and Harry leaves. Harry waits for
the train to Hyderabad. Suddenly, Harry is called from behind. It was Xavier, Xavier
says "My friend Chandrashekhar told everything what you did for him! I wanted you to
become an engineer, and never asked what you want to become! I have paid your feels
to complete Archeology! Now, will you forgive me?". Harry hugs Xavier, cries and says
"I'm sorry dad! I'm really really sorry!". Chandra walks to Harry and says "My daugh-
ter asked me for a wish, and said she wants to marry you! Are you ok with that or do
you have someone else?". Harry says "I love someone I call 'Matchstick'" and turns to
Maya. Maya hugs Harry. Meanwhile Fareed is Sentenced to prison for 15 years for
blackmoney dealings, fraud and black-market Artifact dealings". Harry enters into the
train and waves everyone a goodbye.
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Midnight Murder.pdf ---

The Midnight Murder : Shattered Justice
It was a hot summer night, two men were walking on the road and suddenly the power
goes off. Next morning, Rahul aged 43, 6 feet long was going for a walk for the first
time. It was the previous day he and his family had shifted to their new locality G
Nagar. He had a trash bag in his hand which he drops it on the road during his walk.
Rahul hears police siren and turns. Few police men come out and asks Rahul to surren-
der. Not knowing what was happening Rahul surrendered. He was continuously asking the
police why he was being arrested but the police ignored to answer his question. Rahul
had not brought his phone for walking and had left it at home. His wife Tina starts
to get worried about him as he left house at 6.30am, now time was 10.30am and Rahul
had not returned home yet. Tina knew that, If Rahul had great mood he would walk from
6.30am to 10.30am but this time it was getting late. Tina was getting late for her
work, as Rahul was late Tina had dropped their son Rana to school. It was Rana's last
day of school, his 12th exams were over. Tina frustrated being late for work hands
over the house key to the neighbour and leaves. Tina and Rana had a daughter named
Priya had left to her college at 6.15am, usually she used to do her own work and used
to never inform anyone while leaving or coming back home. Sub-inspector Hari, aged
27, 6ft tall, is given charge of the case and starts to interrogate Rahul. Hari asks
"Today morning around 6.45am, you dropped a bag on the road near the garbage stand.
Is it true?". Rahul replies "Yes sir, that was the trash from my new house which I
shifted to yesterday". Hari continues "Do you mean human body is a trash for you?".
Rahul shocked asks "Sir, I think you have misunderstood me! By trash I mean plastics,
organic wastes. I don't know why I have been arrested. My wife would be waiting for
me, it's very late, they will be worried. I can't contact them, I don't have my phone
and don't know her number!". Hari takes out a laptop and shows them the CCTV footage
of the camera in the garbage stand. Rahul is seen placing the trash bag and walking
away. The body was found when a street dog climbing the trashcans dropped the bag
down. The Victim was cut into a million pieces. According to forensic report, the
Victim is found to be a Man of age gap between 35-40 years. No Man-missing cases were
registered at the nearby police station in the past month. Tina in office was worried
about Rahul, if he would have reached home, he would have either called or messaged,
both was not there. Tina asks permission and leaves back to home. Rahul frustrated
with the interrogation asks a police to give their phone to call his wife Tina. The
Policeman ignores Rahul and stood. Tina arrives at her house and checks if Rahul had
come. When she understands Rahul has not reached home, she leaves for the police sta-
tion to file a complaint. As soon as Tina enters the police station, she finds Rahul
sitting on the bench at the Police station. Rahul looks at Tina and says "I have been
framed for a murder! You remember the trash bag I took today morning, they found a
Dead body cut into pieces in it. They have CCTV footage also". Tina calls her
office's Legal advisor to come to the police station. Meanwhile, Tina understands all
the details about the case Rahul was framed for. Tina escalates the case as Rahul was
arrested without a warrant and Rahul is given a temporary bail. At night 10pm they
reach their home. Priya and Rana were at home waiting for them to come. Tina tells
Priya and Rana on what has happened that day. Rahul tells to Tina "We left our old
home because of those issues. Now, on the first day here, again there are issues. Our
life is filled with these issues". Rahul goes to his room to sleep. Tina asks her
children to go sleep. Tina calls Advocate Manish and brings out the whole sketch of
the case. Next Day Morning, News reporters and Press were waiting outside Rahul's
house. That day's headline was "A Psycopathic Murderer or a Cold-blooded Criminal,
Who is Rahul?". Priya takes a leave from her college. Tina Locked the doors and
closed the windows to avoid the press. Rahul stayed in his room. SI Hari comes to
Rahul's home to arrest him and Rahul is taken to court. The judge asks "Did you com-
mit the murder? if yes we will reduce your punishment". Suddenly there is a loud
shout from the crowd "I did it!". The judge asks the police to bring whomever it was.
To everyones shock it was Rana, Rahul's son. Rahul is taken to dock. Rahul is shocked
and faints, the police takes Rahul to the nearest hospital. Rana says "I killed him,
I killed John!".
Few Months ago
Rahul, Tina, Priya and Rana lived in a quiet surrounding area. There were trees and
houses nearby. There was a very mysterious man who only used to come to eat lunch and
dinner in the opposite house of Rahul's house. The opposite house owner was Joseph.
Tina had a Sister named Rina. Rina's husband was in military. Joseph and Rahul were
good friends. Joseph one night calls Rahul outside and tells "If You have seen a man
coming to my house every lunch and dinner, be careful of him. He is a murderer and
his name is John. He is eating lunch and dinner from my home everyday because he
threatened us that he will kill us if we tell anything to the cops. If you can please
help me by catching him outside this area" for which Rahul agreed. It was Rana's 18th
Birthday, Rina and her daughter Eva had come to Rahul's house. After the Party Rina
and Tina were speaking in the Living room. Rahul had an online meeting. Priya had a
project to complete. Eva was on her phone outside Rahul's house. Rana had gone to the
terrace with his friend. Suddenly Rana hears a scream and runs down. He goes inside
his house and they tell they didn't hear any noise. Rana asks where Priya and Eva
was. They tell Priya is inside completing her project and Eva was outside. Rana runs
outside and finds a Man tie Eva onto a tree. Rana runs and tears open the knot, Eva
falls down. He calls His mother Tina to come outside and starts running behind the
man. He ran as fast as he could. Suddenly, he slips over a pile of stones and falls
down and the man slowly getting far from his eyesight. The street light wasn't work-
ing. They had a camera in their house which had night vision and find the man was
John. Upon doctor's inspection, Eva was assaulted and killed. Rina falls unconscious
and dies of heart attack. Rina's husband comes to attend Rina's and Eva's funeral,
gives a case on John and asks Rahul to look after the case until he was back. Since
then Rahul had no sleep. Every night John used to come near Rahul's bedroom window
and shout loudly, sometimes he threw stones at the window. When Rina's husband re-
turned, he was murdered and Rahul decided to escalate the case further. Rahul was
threatened of being killed everyday. One night, Priya was on her way back home. Rana
was standing on the terrace without wearing a T-shirt. Suddenly he finds John running
towards Priya who was looking into her phone and walking. John catches Priya. Rana
Rana down stairs holding his T-shirt in his hand. When Rana started running, when he
turned back he saw behind him Joseph running. John leaves Priya down and started to
run. They chase him on all nearby roads until they lost sight of him. Rahul, getting
to know about this incident, decides to shift their home little far away. The night
they settled at G Nagar, John and one of his friend Ramesh turns of the Power in the
area and enters into Rahul's new home. John asks his friend to stay down and enters
into priya's room. John on's the torch light when he hits the light, he finds Rana
sitting looking at John on Priya's room. Rana catches John hits him with a hammer.
Slowly takes him to the room on the terrace. Pulls out a Cleaver and Cuts John into a
million pieces. Blood splashing all over his face. After this, he packs him in a bag.
He changes the Garbage bag with the bag having John's body. Rana then Runs to the
Terrace and cleans the room. Rana Looks up at the moon and shouts "This is the end of
people Like you!!!!!".
[INTERVAL]
Present Day
The Judge listens to the arguments made by Rana and convicts him. He was sentenced
for 7 days prison and the next verdict would be on the 8th day. Rahul is set free
though he could not leave the city as he was not completely out of the case. Rahul,
Tina and Priya leave for home whereas, Rana was sent to prison. Rahul plans on how to
rescue Rana. SI Hari and Advocate Manish arrive at Rahul's home. Hari briefs Rahul
"What your son did was right. But, now we can't help him out. He has confessed in the
court in front of the judges". Manish tells "There is only one way to help him out of
jail. We have to make him as if he was physically assaulted. So the case can be taken
as self defence". Hari calls one of the Jail guard and asks him to hit Rana on his
body before producing him to the doctor. The reason Hari was supporting Rahul now was
due to the Act of Rana, which moved his heart. Rana was hit and was produced in front
of the doctor. 8 days later, Rana is produced to court. Manish tells to the judge
"Your honor, Rana was firstly assaulted by John. The proof is his friend whom I would
like to produce in front of the court". John's friend who accompanied him that day
comes to the dock. John's friend Ramesh says "I was waiting outside that night. I had
a torch and was looking near the window. John broke the window and entered and I saw
him hit that boy, Rana first". The whole courtroom was in silence. The judge asked
for a break and meets Rana along with Rahul. The judge asks "Rana, You're a young boy
but what you did is not correct. Your motives were like that of a psychopath!". Rana
replies "When the police knowing John was a murderer and have been to jail once,
never tried to arrest him even with complete evidence, people like us become the
law!". Rahul says "I would have gone to jail if I knew it was Rana, I would have
taken the responsibility". Rana continues "This case is now self-defence but the mis-
take I did was cut him into pieces right?, John is dead but the pieces that were
found was someone else's. How could the police be so illogical?, does that trash bag
contain so much of weight as that of a human body?. There were only 2-3 pieces of his
body which was kept in the trash!". The public prosecutor records the conversation
and produces it in front of the court. The judge then asks SI Hari to find John's
body and the next hearing of the court would be in 2 weeks. SI Hari was in a turmoil.
He had 2 weeks time to find a body about which nobody knows. Hari decides to start
the investigation from beginning. In the trash bag, there were pieces of the victim's
hand ie John's hand. He asks the forensic team to find traces of his fingerprint. The
forensic team solves the puzzle and when examining, they find the fingerprint of a
man who had gone missing 3 months back and was found dead without legs and hands. The
man's name is also found to be John. Hari is shocked with this revelation and drives
to Rahul's home to confront Rana. Rana is sleeping on the couch. Hari breaks into the
house and pushes Rana down to the floor. Rana gets up and asks "Sir, why are you hit-
ting me? What happened". Hari replies "You want to know what happened?". Hari grabs
the TV remote and throws it on Rana. Rana angrily pushes Hari onto the table. Rahul
interferes and asks "Why are you beating my son?". Hari replies "First I'll have to
take you all to custody and speak!". Rahul tells "Sir! Cool down!". Hari tells "John
died 3 months back and now you are getting surrendered for that? And how was the body
still intact?". Rahul looks into Hari's eyes and tells "You are the Police and it's
your work to find that out!". Hari turns and finds Ramesh pointing a gun at him. Hari
kicks Ramesh and grabs the gun, Points the gun at Ramesh and says "I now understand!,
you are behind this!". Ramesh tells "I'll tell you everything".
Few months back
After Eva was assaulted and killed, Tina died and Eva's Father was killed, Due to the
horror caused by John, Rahul seeks help of a murderer named Ramesh. Due to lack of
response from the police, Rahul found that this method for better. It was a rainy
night. Rahul and Ramesh waited to find John. When John arrived at the location, Rahul
points Ramesh to John. John's face was not clearly visible due to rain and the dark-
ness of the night. When John finds two men waiting for him, he starts to run. Ramesh
and Rahul start chasing John. At a Point Ramesh pull out his cleaver and cuts John's
legs and hands. Kills John with poison intoxication through a syringe. When light
falls on John's face, Ramesh gets to know it was John, Ramesh's best friend. Ramesh
in anger for that starts to threaten Rahul and his family for making him kill his own
friend. Rahul unable to bear the threat decides to change his home. The night Rahul
changed his home, Ramesh breaks in. Ramesh points gun at Priya and tells "I'll kill
and assault her if you don't listen to me. My friend was killed 2 and a half month
back. Though his body was discovered by the police, his hands and legs are still with
me which I had chemically frozen. I want you to do as I say and I will stop threaten-
ing your family". The plan was, Rahul will throw the trash bag in the morning and get
arrested. Later Rana will go to the court and tell her is the killer. As according to
Documents, when John was killed, Rana was still a minor who was actually not, due to
the date of birth change in the documents it was considered a minor crime and the
punishment will be reduced. Ramesh will be the eye witness for the partially fabri-
cated story.
Present day
Hari listens to this and records the complete conversation. Hari informs to Ramesh "I
have recorded this conversation and will produce it to court in the next hearing".
Ramesh tries to grab Hari's phone. Ramesh pushes Hari down holds the gun and tries to
grab the phone. Hari skillfully kicks Ramesh. Ramesh falls down and tries to get up.
Hari kicks Ramesh. Hari grabs the gun and phone and Runs outside the house. Ramesh
starts to follow Hari. Rahul and Rana try to stop Ramesh. Hari enters his car. Ramesh
takes a spear from the garden and throws it towards Hari's car. The spear hits the
Car's engine and the car stops working. Hari gets out and starts to run. Rahul grabs
Ramesh by neck. Hari remembers something and runs towards the car. Hari takes out the
Hand-cuffs from the car and puts it on Ramesh's hand. Hari asks the control room to
get a car and Ramesh is taken to custody.
Three Days Later
In the Court, Hari produces all evidence. The judge punishes Ramesh to be hung after
21 years in prison. Rahul accepts in front of the court that he was the one who asked
Ramesh to kill John. Rana was cleared from the case. Rahul was sentenced for 7 years
in prison. The Judge then closes the case. Hari after the court session goes to
Rahul's house. Hari meets Rana, Priya and Tina. Tina was sad as her husband was sen-
tenced for prison. Manish arrives at Rahul's house. Manish tells "Did you all see the
news? Ramesh escaped from the prison bus!". Priya suddenly shouts from her room. Hari
rushes into the room and finds Ramesh pointing gun at Priya. Ramesh tells "You and
Rahul's family ruined my life and I will ruin yours!". Hari pulls out his gun and
shoots Ramesh on his head. He calls the police and tells "Ramesh is Dead". Tina asks
Manish "Is there any way we can get Bail for Rahul?". Manish replies "It tough be-
cause he Confessed in the Court he did the crime!". Hari tells "There is one way.
Impersonation and Manipulate his death. But that is very risky!". Manish replies
"Can't you all wait for 7 years?". Tina replies "No! We can't, Is there any other way
Hari Sir?". Hari responds "No!". Hari suddenly gets a call and is stunned hearing
"Sir! Ramesh killed Rahul before escaping from the bus!". Hari's phone falls down,
and he looks at Tina and Manish and says "Rahul is dead!".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Pharmacist.pdf ---

The Pharmacist
In the city of Mumbai, there is a pharmacy run my a man named Karthik
Raghavan about age 40, 6ft 4inch tall. He started this shop 2 years ago.
Daily, He Wakes up at 6am. Opens his shop at 7am and closes his shop at 1am
where he travelled using his car. He always is punctual and has never taken
holiday or breaks. He eats lunch inside the pharmacy itself. If he sees some-
body who coughing in front of him who is buying medicines for something else,
gives the medicine for coughing for free. One day, a man named Akash comes to
the Pharmacy. Karthik asks "What do you want sir?". Akash stands staring at
Karthik. Karthik asks "Sir! what do you want sir?". Akash tells "I'm having
fever. I thought you will look at me and give free medicines". Karthik gives
a glance at Akash and says "What you are doing is not right. I'll give you
the medicines wait". Karthik gives the medicine. Akash smiles at him and says
"Thank you!". Karthik gives a stare (a death stare). Akash was a auto driver.
He takes his auto and leaves. That night, Karthik closes his shop early
around 8pm. Goes to his home. Looks at a picture hanging on the wall. Goes to
the outhouse. There was a small box on the wall. He pulls out a double action
revolver out of it. There were 6 bullets in it. Karthik locks his house. Goes
to a printing shop and prints "SHOP CLOSED FOR 7 DAYS". He sticks this on his
shop takes his car and leaves to Delhi.
He reaches Delhi and books a hotel in marriot. He goes to chandini chowk for
shopping. While he was shopping, a man holding a cleaver runs towards Karthik
to stab him. Karthik dodges it and kicks the man. Grabs the cleaver from his
hand. Another man runs towards Karthik trying to punch him. Karthik holds his
hand and cuts it with the cleaver. Police come and arrest Karthik. [In phone
call]"So he returns to Delhi". The man on the other side replies "Yes sir,
Should i bring him to you". The man on the phone replies "Let him get beaten
by the police custody first. When that is done bring him to me". The man cuts
the call. After Karthik was completely beaten he was blind folded and taken
to the man. They open the blind fold and hands tied. Karthik smiles and says
"So, You Mr.Arjun Patel (A man with a long scar near his eye. Aged about 55-
60, 5ft 11inches tall) still remembers me even after killing my parents and
wife". Arjun replies "How can I forget you. Because of you my boss tried to
kill me. But now I am happy after knowing the name of my boss Mr.Deepak
Raghavan, your loving brother who went missing 20 years ago". Karthik amused
replies saying "My brother Deepak is still alive? We searched him for 3 years
when police declared he was dead". Arjun replies "I went to kidnap your
brother trying to find him somehow and bring you in front of me. But he in-
fact was the person who asked to kill your family (laughing), I then declared
him as my boss who didn't care about his own family. Now his order is to kill
you". Karthik gives a death stare, headbutts 2 men standing beside him. One
guy comes to stab him. Karthik dodges and the knife cuts the rope tied in his
hands. Karthik beats up Arjun. Arjun is fallen on the floor. Karthik sits on
a chair. "How was my acting regarding my brother's identity reveal?.
Impressive isn't it. I knew it was him the whole time, i couldn't believe the
story you created. Our rivalry behind with the search of my brother, 15 years
later, look I'm standing in front of you. You chased me from 6 cities and my
7th City was Mumbai. 2 years in each city for 14 years. You chased me for 14
whole years. Now, today you are going to die. How should I kill you? The way
you killed my parents or the way you killed my wife?. It would be right if i
keep the parents one for later. I'll kill you the way you killed my wife.
Drowned in swimming pool. But there are no swimming pools nearby" Karthik
says. Karthik then hits Arjun. Arjun starts to run. Arjun gets chased on the
streets of chandini chowk. People looking at Arjun laughing. Arjun looking at
people's reaction his emotions get triggered. Pulls out a knife from a shop
and points towards Karthik. He tries to stab Karthik. Karthik kicks his hand
and the knife flicks in the air. Karthik catches the knife and stabs Arjun's
back 3 times. Karthik ties Arjun's hands and takes him to yamuna river.
Drowns him there killing Arjun Patel.
[FLASHBACK]
In the City of Bangalore, Karthik Raghavan and his younger brother, Deepak
had differing personalities. They had a pharmaceutical business named
"Raghavan group of pharmaceutical industries (RGPI)" Run by their Father
Raghavan. Karthik remained focused on the family business and his ambition to
become a professional shooter, Hacker and to pursue taekwondo , while
Deepak's fascination with the allure of the streets led him down a dangerous
path. Deepak went into a world of drugs and crime, eventually leading him to
join a local gang. On the evening of Deepak's marriage, Deepak disappeared
without a trace. The police investigation into Deepak's disappearance yielded
no leads. 5 years went by, Karthik decided to embark on a quest to find
Deepak. His search took him through the gritty underbelly of Delhi, exposing
him to the city's criminal elements and dangerous territories. In his pur-
suit, Karthik's path crossed with Arjun Patel, a cunning and ruthless figure
within the criminal underworld. As Karthik probed for information about his
brother, he became entangled in Arjun's web of deceit and power. Arjun a
criminal mastermind. The revelation hit Karthik like a sledgehammer. Deepak,
his beloved brother, had become entangled with Arjun's gang, rising through
the ranks to eventually become Arjun's boss. When Karthik understands about
this, Arjun had the news that Karthik was coming for them. Arjun did not know
that Karthik knew about Deepak being Arjun's boss. In an intense fight,
Karthik defeats Arjun leaving a scar on his face. This scar turned into ha-
tred towards Karthik. Arjun asks his boss whether he could kill karthik's
family where Deepak agrees. While Karthik was away during the night, few peo-
ple snuck into karthik's house. Karthik's wife was in the garden near swim-
ming pool, they drowned her to death. Karthik's parents were sleeping in
their room. Arjun pours petrol over the full house and burns karthik's house.
After this Incident, Karthik sells his family business. Scraps his ambitions.
With the money he has goes to 7 cities in 14 years time. He could always spot
Arjun's men one or the other time. He could only stay in a city for not more
than 2 years. Though he killed them before they could inform he changes his
cities for his safety. Finally reaching Mumbai. When akash was leaving he
sees Arjun's men in Akash's auto. That's when Arjun decided to finish his
ties with Arjun.
[Present day]
Karthik decides not to go deeper into his brother's mafia life and decides to
stay away from it. He reaches back to Mumbai and opens his shop. 2 men walk
to his shop. One guy says "Come with us right now!. Or else we will stab you
with this knife tie you up and take you. You want the painful method or the
easy method?". Karthik replies "Ok wait let me close the shop. I'll come".
They blind-fold Karthik and take him to an old factory. After reaching there,
Karthik's blind-fold is removed and Karthik is beaten. Karthik sees his
brother Deepak standing in front of him. Age around 35, Medium long beard and
medium long hair, 6ft 2inch long wearing a Rolex watch, tattoo of a snake on
his hand. He was smoking and had a long knife in his hand. Turns towards
Karthik. Karthik looks at Deepak. His men put a swivel chair for him. Deepak
Sits on it. Places the knife near the handle of the chair. Karthik says
"Brother, I have been longing to see you since you left. (Spits out blood
from his mouth) you have got ruined my dear gangstar-mafia brother. We could
never be the same". Deepak replies " You are making fun of me! Don't forget
that you are in my place now! You have already been beaten up. Don't die. You
came after me! Killed my associate Arjun Patel. I was the one who killed
your....sorry......our family. It doesn't take me so long to kill you too".
Karthik pulls out his phone from his pocket and says "I heard that you have a
family now. How is my niece (opens his phone and shows video of his son and
wife in a sniping position from a distance). Now what do you want to say?".
Deepak gets up from the chair. His legs tremble. He asks his men to leave
Karthik. Karthik says "You might be thinking how I got snipers now, Isn't it.
After selling our dad's business, I hired snipers to keep an eye on you al-
ways, asked them to fix cameras on major points of you house that you
wouldn't know, hacked your cctv cameras too with addition of my camera".
Deepak replies "Leave my family. I leave you for free. I will not disturb
you". Karthik smiles, pulls out a sunglass from one of Deepak's men and wears
it. Puts his hand in his pocket and walks laughing out loud.
[INTERVAL]
Deepak is smoking a cigarette eyes red with anger. Humiliated for not check-
ing the security for his family. Karthik opens his shop. Akash comes to his
shop and says "Why did close the shop these many days?. Today morning you
opened the shop and closed it again. How will we get free medicines
now(laughing). I thought you closed the shop forever. I want medicine for
cough and cold but I will pay this time. Later I will take for
free(laughing)". Karthik replies " Here are your medicines. I had to go to
Delhi for a reason. Now, I need a help from you. You know to drive car right?
Can you be my driver for a month, not for free ofcourse I'll pay you in the
end of the month". Akash says "When should I join?". Karthik smiles and tells
"from today". Akash looks at karthik's face and tells "First time I'm seeing
you smile. I will surely help you". Akash tries to drive karthik's car and
hits a pot of karthik's neighbour. Karthik's neighbour comes out and scolds
Akash. Akash apologies and starts driving properly. Karthik closed his shop
early by 7pm. Karthik asks akash to go to nearby carrom club. Carrom club was
the place where Deepak's men held carrom betting, taekwondo betting etc.
Karthik joins the taekwondo. Karthik finishes the match in 2 minutes. One of
the men identifies Karthik and tells the others about the previous incident
about Deepak, Karthik and Arjun Patel. Deepak's men start attacking Karthik.
Karthik hits all of them one-by-one. On the other side deepak knew that there
were no emotional connections left for Karthik and cannot use it to black-
mail. For his wife and son's safety he removes the cctv from his home.
Karthik finishes all the taekwondo match against all of Deepak's men and the
news goes to deepak. Karthik puts a huge bag in the car asks akash to take
the car and go to his house. Karthik sits on his dining table and akash ques-
tions him "Why did they come to kill you, kill you that too in a betting
taekwondo match and why did you kill them?". Karthik tells about Deepak to
akash. Akash listen to this and says "why did you make me a driver for all
these?". Karthik replies "In Mumbai who ever knows me, knows that I drive my
car on my own. You were acting too much in front of me on cough, cold and
fever. That's why now in the club's cctv camera you have been seen asking me
to attack those men and driving my car eventually they will think you are my
boss(smiles)". Akash in panic says "is there anyway to undo this or delete
that footage". Karthik replies "I know a little bit of hacking I ca.a..a.n
delete the footage if I want". Akash falls on karthik's feet and says
"Whatever i have done to you please forgive me and kindly delete the
footage". Karthik deletes the footage. Karthik asks akash to get the bag from
the car. Karthik opens the bag. It was one of Deepak's right had man and knew
each of Deepak's dealing and was in the club. Karthik pulls out a surgical
knife and asks "what are the biggest dealings done by deepak?". The man
replies "The biggest dealing of his lifetime is going to take place tomorrow.
20000 crores in dollars worth drug dealing. Dealing is done in cash. Deepak
has already recieved the drugs. The final dealing is the amount he has to pay
which will be loaded in 2 containers and shipped to USA. The containers will
leave tomorrow at 8am from Pune. It will reach mumbai in 3hours 45minutes.
From the harbour it will go through ship to Dubai and later in cargo flight
to USA. If it doesn't reach there by 2 weeks. That's all I know". Karthik
rips his throat using the surgical knife. Karthik tells akash "tomorrow we
are leaving to Pune-Mumbai highway at 4am". Karthik pulls out his phone and
makes a call "I want all of you snipers in Mumbai-pune highway at 5am. Exact
location will be sent to you. We have an assignment". Karthik sends the loca-
tion and reaches there at morning 5am. Karthik gives details of the trucks.
The trucks arrive at their location. The snipers snipe the drivers of the 2
trucks. The trucks flip over. Karthik calls 2 other containers and take away
the cash from the containers. Deepak is in panic as the cash has not reached
the harbour yet. If the cash doesn't reach the guy in time they would hunt
him down and kill him. Deepak decides to go in search of Karthik to retrieve
the cash back. Deepak by himself goes to karthik's shop to get the details of
the cash. He enters karthik's shop and asks silently"I am speaking silently
now don't make me violent, answer my question where is my cash". Karthik
replies "I don't have any of your cash". Deepak slaps Karthik enters into his
shop kicks on his chest. Karthik falls down. Deepak punches Karthik on his
face and says "you have 1 week time after that I won't be alive if I don't
get that cash but before I die I will kill you". Karthik laughs and says "All
the best brother". Karthik like usual did his usual routine in pharmacy.
Akash was with him as the driver. Akash one day asks Karthik "What did you do
with the 20000 crores?". Karthik asks akash to take his car to a car shop and
asks akash "which car do you want. I did want I wanted to do with the money.
You will only be with me for more 6-7 days, choose a car for you". Akash's
eyes filled with tears. Karthik asks the manager of the showroom to book the
costliest car with them and register it in Akash's name. Karthik says "look
at your phone a message has come (akash opens his phone to see 2 crores cred-
ited to his bank account) it is for your trip with me for a month. Now
atleast stop asking for free medicines in my shop(smiling) and sell that old
auto and start a shop or drive cab". Akash is happy with teared eyes he says
"You are not a good human being but infact you are a great human being".
Karthik smiles looking at Akash.
It was the day the mafia gang had reached Mumbai. It's head Maverick DeLuca
searches for deepak. Deepak pulls out his gun and goes to kill Karthik. All 3
meet-up at Mumbai harbour. Deepak without noticing maverick starts shooting
Karthik. Karthik dodges the bullets. Karthik punches deepak. Deepak headbutts
Karthik. Karthik falls back in pain. Karthik takes his taekwondo skills out.
Hits deepak to upto death. Maverick gives an agreement to deepak to sign. It
was written in Latin. Deepak says "I don't know to read Latin". Karthik pulls
the agreement from deepak's hand. Deepak asks "Do you know to read Latin?".
Karthik replies "If I can read a doctor's handwriting what is it about Latin?
(smiles)" . Karthik reads " the way I Mr.Deepak Raghavan die is by suicide
and not by any other means of murder or homicide. I sign this will stating my
properties to be handed over to Mr.Maverick DeLuca from Mexico after my death
which includes my house, properties, bank balance,etc" . Deepak says to
Karthik "I don't have a penny with me after that dealing, use that cash for
this". Karthik ignores deepak and starts walking. Deepak is shot by 6 of
maverick's men. Deepak dies. Karthik goes to the factory where the drugs were
kept. He got to know the place after placing a microphone in Deepak's factory
where they had met previously. Karthik burns down all of the drugs. Karthik
goes to Deepak's wife and says deepak is dead and reveals himself as his
brother and their past. He says that he will take care of her and his niece
and would not let happen what had happened to his family. Deepak's wife asks
"Where do you work?". Karthik says "I own a pharmacy in Mumbai and I am the
CEO of RGPI aka Raghavan Group of Pharmaceutical Industries based in
Bangalore". Karthik uses the money from the containers to buy back his family
business. Akash is asked by Karthik to stay in his newly built house.
Maverick starts to set a base of his mafia gang in India after the death of
Deepak Raghavan.
Raghavan group of pharmaceutical industries raise to power again. Deepak's
wife and son stay with Karthik and akash's family forming a new family away
from all the mafia.
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Saviour II.pdf ---

Saviour II: The Final Redemption
" The notion of a saviour reminds us that, even in our darkest moments, there is the
potential for light and deliverance, from within ourselves"
Black magic is a familiar word. The David fort is accustomed to it. The Ancestors of
the Fortress wrote a book on it using black magic. In the forest except the Kings,
the only people who knew black magic was the Forbidden Family of the kingdom. When
Ancestors of David fort understood about a family using 'black magic' they were ban-
ished from the kingdom sent to the centre of the forest. They built a hut there. They
put up a spell in the hut saying "Seules les personnes dont la famille connaît la
magie noire ne seront pas affectées par ce sort de folie. Les gens partiront en folie
meurtrière pour éliminer les derniers membres du royaume de David". Using the Black
magic with the kings they used it to see the future of the kingdom and note it in a
diary. They could only write it to a limit and the end could never be seen.
It was Rainy day in the forest. The David fort which had been completely burnt, was
now turned into a museum. The Hut in the middle of the forest was fenced and forest
guards were appointed all over the forest and mainly, near the hut. A young man,
about 25 years old, enters the forest. The hut in the forest covered with overgrown
moss and vines. The man walks towards the hut, Breaks open the door and Enters in-
side. The hut was completely electric fenced where no one was allowed to enter. This
man had cut the wires causing electric current through the fence. Cut it open in a
way he could enter. Inside the hut, He finds shotguns and its ammo. A forest guard
enters the hut points his gun at the man and says "it's forbidden to enter this
place". The man replies "It's forbidden for the people of the kingdom but I'm an out-
sider" he laughs and shoots the guard using shot gun which he had found inside the
hut. The man starts laughing loudly as of something had got inside him. When more
forest guards begin to come near the hut the man starts running and goes to the road
where his friend stood waiting for him. His friend, named Henry, asks "Did you go in-
side the hut?". The man replies "Yes but a forest guard came and I had to run". Henry
and the man drive to the David fort, now a museum to look at the history of the
place. For entry they had to fill a form giving their names. The man's name is re-
vealed to be Joseph. Joseph finds a father from the David Church standing outside the
museum and asks him "Father, here there are only inscriptions on the ancestors of the
kingdom, where are details of the last descendant Jackson David II son of Jackson
David I? How did the both Jacksons die?". The Father Francis responds "Jackson David
II or Jackie, we used to call him was killed by the forest devil. Jackson David I or
Jack, his father died in an accident later the same year". Joseph asks "Who is the
forest Devil?". Francis responds "We don't know who he is but after Jack's death the
forest devil has not killed anyone. There are few people saying that Jack was the one
who eliminated the Forest devil by becoming the Devil of the fortress while some be-
lieve Jack is the forest devil and Devil of the fortress". Joseph thanks the father
for the information and decides to tent in the forest near the David River. Henry was
looking at his phone when suddenly, Joseph felt something in his head as if someone
was calling him. His eyes become red, face sweating. There was a sharp stick near the
campfire. Joseph takes the stick and slices it through Henry's throat killing him.
Joseph shouts "I am the new Forest Devil!". Next day, the forest guards find Henry's
body near the camp and Joseph sitting beside his body. The forest guards take him and
ask "Who killed your friend?". Joseph pulls out a Cleaver and cuts the forest guards
head and shouts "I killed him". Joseph in anger and face filled with blood he picks
the cleaver and starts to walk towards the David's kingdom. One by one whomever
Joseph saw in front of him were killed. People in panic run to their home took what-
ever ornaments and cash they had and start to flee from the kingdom. Francis let a
few people inside the church and closes the doors to the Church. Few people get into
a bus and left for the Snowy mountains called the 'Frostwood Valley'. The Capital of
David's kingdom was 'Dark Valley Range' or simply 'Dark Valley'. People leave to the
places they could go as soon as possible away from Dark Valley and Joseph's lunatic
behaviour. Joseph was completely in rogue he broke open houses and vehicles trying to
find people of David's kingdom from 'Dark Valley'.
A Few men reach the Frostwood valley and try to find some shelter with the money they
have. While walking they find a man aged 55, who looked familiar to them standing on
the balcony of a house. One man from the crowd walks to the house and to his shock,
the man looked like Jackson David I aka Jack. The man approaches near the lookalike
of Jack and says "Oh King! You have been here the whole time. You didn't come to save
us!". The lookalike replies "I am not a king, my name is George Gate". Disappointed,
the man walks in search of shelter. George runs towards the families who were search-
ing for shelter and asks them to stay at his home. Happy with George's comment all of
them move to George's house. When everyone had settled, George asks one of the men
"Why did you people leave your hometown?". The man replies "My name is Jacob. We are
from the Dark valley. Our valley had seen two serial killers before, the Forest Devil
and The devil of the Fortress. Our King Jack who was considered either one of the
Devil, we don't know which one, died in a Car accident after which all the serial
killings had stopped. Now, An outsider named Joseph has claimed himself to be the
Forest Devil started a killing spree on whomever he saw from the Dark valley. To save
our lives we took what we have and left the place. And you look like our King who
Died". George listening to this tells "Micheal died, the forest Devil died! How is
this possible?". Jacob shouts "You are Jack!, you left the Dark Valley and left us in
darkness!". George shouts "Yes I am Jack! And I am the Devil of the Fortress who just
wanted to find the killer of his son. The Forest Devil was Micheal the descendant of
the Forbidden family of our kingdom!". Jacob says "You just go back and save our
kingdom, you are the King". Jack ignores the comment and says "You all can stay here
until you get a Shelter". Meanwhile, At the Dark Valley, the roads are filled with
blood splashes all over. Joseph walking all over the place finding the people belong-
ing to the kingdom. Francis had kept people safe in the church and Joseph was now on
the way to the Church. Joseph walking slowly to the Church. Francis through the win-
dow sees Joseph walking towards the church with the cleaver body soaked with red
blood. Joseph reaches the door of the church and knocks it. Knocks it harder, harder
each time. All the people seeking shelter in the church scared and in panic. Joseph
takes the cleaver and cuts the door. One cut after another. Suddenly the knocking and
the cuts stopped. Francis looked at the door. The door suddenly breaks open. Joseph
falling down. Jack stood in front of Joseph who had fallen down and looks at him.
Joseph grabs the cleaver, attempting to stab Jack. Jack holds Joseph's hand and
pushes him to one of the chair in the church. Jack kicks Joseph, punches his head
making joseph unconscious and pulls him outside the church. It's starts to rain heav-
ily, Jack takes Joseph into his car and drives to the underground basement near the
Cemetery. Ties Joseph in a Chair and starts to clean the basement. Joseph wakes up
and shouts "Save me!". Jack shouts "Be quiet! It's been 5 years since I came here, I
have to clean this place". Joseph shouts "You are the Devil of the Fortress, You are
Jackson David I". Jack meets Joseph's gaze, his expression a mix of weariness and de-
termination. "Call me Jack," he responds, 'but there's more to the story than ti-
tles". Joseph looks down at the floor filled with blood. Joseph panics and tries to
remove the knot. Jack shouts "You take the knot out, You will never be seen again and
to say the truth, I am The Devil of the Fortress". Jack asks "What do you remember
the last?". Joseph says "I was in the Hut in the middle of the forest, after that I
don't remember anything!". Jack replies "You are now being controlled by Black magic
then!, Michael's family used it to preserve their legacy in black magic as from the
Diary". The Diary with the prophecy of Jack's ancestors which was burnt that day when
Micheal, still burning in the corner of the room. Micheal that day, was tied up the
same way Joseph is tied now, glimpse of the cleaver being thrown by Micheal to the
Diary and the Diary starts to burn.
[Interval]
Francis brings all the people from the church outside. The Dark valley had rivers of
blood flowing through the roads. Francis takes some Holy water and starts to sprinkle
it all over the Valley. Houses were broken, buildings were in ruins. Silence is some-
thing that prevailed in the valley. Joseph looks at Jack and says "Leave me alone!, I
don't remember anything after entering the Hut in the forest". Jack starts to sharp
the cleavers. Jack replies "You went inside the Hut, didn't the forest guards stop
you". Joseph replies "No! I don't remember anything. It is like someone has put a
black magic in the Hut and it is controlling me!". Jack raises his eyebrow and turns
takes the cleaver and keeps it on Joseph's neck and says "There is no such thing as
black magic, all those are superstitious beliefs and I don't believe it. You have
killed many innocent lives and I'll take yours!". Joseph starts laughing and says
"You are not like the people my parents told me about the David Kings!, she told they
were foolish and you are smart but you killed my brother 'Micheal' and I won't spare
you for that!". Jack decides to slice Joseph's throat when Joseph kicks Jack. Jack
falls back. Joseph pulls out a sharp object from his chain and cuts open the knot.
Jack's back starts to hurt due to his age and is unable to get up. Joseph grabs a
knife from the table and stabs Jack and Jack uses the cleaver and makes a small cut
in joseph's hand. Joseph opens the door and starts to run. Jack gets up slowly pulls
out the knife, take a bottle of ethyl alcohol and pours it on his stabbed area. Jack
runs out to find Joseph. Joseph enters the David fort turned museum. Jack finds
Francis sprinkling the holy water and asks him to take all the people and run to the
church as Joseph had run out. Jack runs inside the fort and finds Joseph walking.
Jack slowly grabs an old rusted sword from the museum and starts to walk behind
Joseph. Joseph turns back and Jack stabs Joseph. Joseph falls down grabs a pocket
knife and stabs it on Jack's throat. Joseph pulls out the sword and runs out. Francis
who followed Jack all the way, takes him inside the church to treat him. Few Days af-
ter treatment, Jack asks the people of Dark valley "My Dear Subjects, This place is
hell. Let's stop all of this here and go to Frostwood valley. All of the other people
are there, in my home. Don't consider it as a order or demand, take it as a request
of your king. Joseph ain't going to stop here". Listening to Jack everyone starts to
pack and Leave to frostwood Valley.
At Frostwood Valley
People start settling in Jack's house. Jacob comes towards Jack and asks "Will we
never be able to go back home?". Jack doesn't reply and shakes his head. A postman
comes to Jack's house and gives Francis a letter. The Letter was to George Gate.
Francis asks Jack "Who is George Gate?". Jack replies "I am Jackson David I of Dark
Valley, few months before the death of my son Jackson David II, I started building
this house with the name George Gate, after the death of my son and forest devil
'Micheal', I wanted to be away from royalty and every privilege and I took the Alias
of George Gate of Frostwood Valley forever". The Letter was from Dark Valley, Joseph
had written it " Dear George Gate, My brother Micheal was recieving Threat Calls from
you. That is why I am on my way to finish this game". Jack scraps the letter. He
looks out of the window to see Joseph standing outside with a hammer smiling. Joseph
breaks open the window using the hammer and enters the house and says "So Jack! You
are George Gate". Joseph starts to break things from the house. Jack not amused,
stood looking at Joseph. The people staying in Jack's house starts to run outside.
Jack runs and locks the door once all had gone out though the window was broken.
Joseph starts to hit Jack with the hammer. Jack falls down bleeding. Jack tries to
get up but Joseph hits him again. Jack falls unconscious. Joseph walks out of Jack's
house and shouts "I 'Joseph' spare the people of Dark valley. I will be back if you
give your King a honorific cremation, You all will die because I'll be Back!". Joseph
starts walking towards the Frostwood Mountains. Jack pulls out a First-aid kit from
his house and bandages himself. Walks out and asks the people what happened, people
happy that Jack is Alive decide to keep the news he is alive a secret. Jack heals
slowly.
Few Months Later
Joseph comes to Jack's house in Frostwood Valley. He asks Francis "Father, what hap-
pened to Jack's Body after his death?". Francis stood silent. Joseph enters into the
house though people try to stop him from getting inside. Jack comes down from first
floor. Joseph is shocked and angry because he never checked if Jack was alive. Jack
pushes Joseph outside the house and locks the door. Joseph finds an axe outside
Jack's house. He takes it and cuts open the locked door and breaks in. Joseph runs
behind Jack. Francis catches Joseph. Joseph unable to relieve himself stabs Francis.
Joseph's eyes turn red and starts to show psychic tendencies like biting his teeth
and eyes wide open. Jack pulls out a gun from the drawer and shoots Joseph. Joseph
falls down Dead. Police arrive at Jack's house and Jack is arrested for killing
Joseph. Jack is sentenced for 8 years in prison and before that 2 months for a psy-
chological therapy. Jack there gets to know about Micheal, Joseph and their family.
Micheal and Joseph belonged to the Forbidden Family of Dark Valley. Micheal and
Joseph's Father was sent out of the Valley when he was too young though his parents
were stuck in the Hut in the middle of the Forest. Micheal's Father Zachariah aka
Zach was a worker for a small business company in the Frostwood city when people
started getting to know about Zach's past as a member of the Forbidden Family. Zach
was fired from his job. Due to this frustration, Zach suicides. Micheal and Joseph
were small kids when Zach died. Thinking Suicide is not the correct way, Micheal and
Joseph's mother raised them. The bedtime stories for Micheal and Joseph was how their
family turned forbidden creating hatred to the David Kings in the young hearts. When
they grew up Micheal, after losing their mother now, with at most hatred decided to
finish the last member of the David Family 'Jackson David II aka Jackie' by becoming
his friend and pull his plan off at Dark Valley, later they meet Jack during the Van
accident. Before he went to Dark Valley Dr.Xavier was their psychologist. For taking
the revenge for Joseph's brother Michael's death, Joseph goes back to Dark Valley to
kill each one from the David Kingdom. Dr.Xavier was also the person treating Jack
now. After listening to this story which had started before Jack's knowledge Jack de-
clared himself as the 'Devil of the Fortress' clearing all his deeds. Jack goes to
prison for 8 years. Meanwhile, the people who came from Dark Valley to Frostwood
Valley return back to their homes. Father Francis Dies after getting stabbed by
Joseph. The Dark Valley gets its light back. Everything was back to normal. David
fort started getting Moss grown all over it. The people of Dark Valley thinking the
Hut in the forest as the root cause of all problems blasts the hut.
8 years later
It was a rainy night. Dogs of Dark valley starts barking at a man walking on the
road. Jacob comes out with a torch. On's the torch to look at the man's face. Jacob
runs out without caring it is raining outside. The man was none other than Jackson
David I aka George Gate. Jack says to Jacob "Some things never change if you are a
king; You remain one. If you are a saviour; you remain one. If you are the devil; you
remain one. The only thing that changes is the respect you get and the thing you did
to most people maybe good or bad- La seule chose qui reste jusqu'à la fin est le re-
spect que vous obtenez en tant que sauveur". Jack continues "I am a Devil! and so are
you all".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Saviour.pdf ---

THE SAVIOUR : The Echoes of Redemption
It's like you have to save your own life, nobody is going to be a saviour for
you, so we have to do what we have to do, no matter what it is.
Rainy night
A matador F307 is going through a forest. 4 friends are in the van. One is
singing song, the other playing guitar. The other two were in the front seat
one driving and the other speaking on his phone. A truck comes opposite to
the van. The van turns and hits a tree. All 4 get down. They were injured.
Smoke was coming out of the engine. They try fixing it and were unsuccessful.
They decide to stay there for the night and get into their car. One guy gets
a call from the name George Gate. When his friends asked he called George
Gate as a gangstar from the mountains. "He is trying to kill me. I don't know
for what. I am trying to tell him it's a wrong number. He ain't just leaving
me even for an instant".
Next day
Their phone's batteries had died and could not call anyone. There were light
showers. A car comes near their van. They ask to stop the car. The car stops.
The man comes out. He was about 45-50 years old. The man who was driving the
van introduces himself "My name is Robert and these are my friends. Our van
hit a tree and is repaired. Could you please help us". The man replies "My
phone is out of battery. If you want I can drop you nearby and ask for some
help". They agree and enter his car. The man introduces himself as Jackson
David. The singer introduces him as Arjun, the guitarist Dev and the last one
as Michael. Jackson asks where they were going. Robert replies saying "We
were going to David fort. We also had a friend with your name Jackson David".
Jackson asks "what do you mean by you had a friend?". Arjun replies "he is no
more.". Dev asks where Jackson was going. Jack replies "Sometimes we might go
to the same place with the people you might not know. You are going to a fu-
neral with a guitar?". Dev replies "It was a guitar given by Jackie on my
birthday and we were singing his favourite song while we were coming. How are
you related to Jackie?". Jack says Jackie is his son.
They reach David Fort
Dev asks "what should we do with our van if we already reached here?". Jack
says he had already arranged and the van has been sent for repair. During the
funeral, Dev takes the guitar and keeps it next to Jackie's body. There were
many visitors from places Jackie had gone. After the funeral got over Jack
asks the 4 to stay in their home untill their van had got repaired. They tell
him "We had come here once while you were away. We stayed in the forest for a
day. If we could get a tent for the day would be nice to reminiscent that day
with Jackie. Later tomorrow we will be back." Jack says he would like to join
them. Jack asked nobody from his bodyguards to accompany him like the days he
goes for a drive alone.
That night
There was slight rainfall. They were in the middle of the forest. Their camp-
fire had been lit before the rain had started. They eat their meal and go to
sleep. Jack was with Dev and Arjun, Robert and Michael were in another tent.
Jack wakes up hearing some sound. Arjun was asleep. Jack searches for dev. He
enters the other tent and Robert was asleep. Michael and Dev were missing. He
hears someone speaking behind a tree. Jack silently slips his body behind the
tree. Jack pulls out his gun from his back. It was Michael's voice. Jack
slides in front of Michael pointing his gun. Michael was on phone. A gun shot
is heard. Michael and Jack runs towards the tent. Arjun was shot. Robert
comes running from his tent. Dev comes running from one side. Dev and Robert
points at Jack's gun and blames Jack for shooting Arjun. Michael tries to
clear them but they start blaming Michael and Jack stating they had teamed in
killing Arjun. Jack pulls out his ammo and shows that his gun is fully loaded
and has not shot any bullet from that. All of them were confused. Jack says
he had come out to search where Michael and Dev were. Dev says "This whole
forest is cursed. Last time Jackie got shot before that Rony got shot. Now
Arjun." Jack "You knew how my son died and you didn't tell anybody and left
the place quietly. We searched 5 days to get his body in the forest. I knew
something was strange after Jackie and Rony's death. That's the reason i ac-
companied you". Dev replies "we wanted to stay away from problems and further
cases. That's why we left quietly". Jack hears these and asks "Why do you
guys after 2 deaths want to come here again and again?". Michael replies "af-
ter Rony's death we thought it might be another reason. After Jackie's death
we wanted to investigate after its case's heat had reduced". Jack pulls out
his gun and shoots Dev and Robert. Jack pulls out a Cigar from his pocket and
starts smoking. Michael in shock asks "Why did you kill them both". Jack
replies "I hate liers. I overheard them planning to kill Arjun. I wanted to
know if you were in the plan. But no you ain't". Michael faints. Jack puts
Micheal in his back seat and starts to drive his car. He turns towards David
fort. He sees that all his bodyguards had died. Someone had poisoned them. He
comes out gets in his car. Jack turns towards another road leading to a ceme-
tery. He stops his car just after the cemetery gets over. Jack gets out of
his car and opens an underground basement. Jack brings down Michael and ties
him up on a chair. It was a dark room. Jack on's the light, Pours water on
Michael's face. Michael wakes up. Looks around. There was blood all over the
floor. Jack grabs 2 cleavers and starts to sharpen them. Jack grabs an apron
with blood stains on it. Michael asks "Where did you bring me?". Jack says
"Stay quiet!". There was a body on the table. It was Dev's body. Beside it
there was another table with Robert's body packed in polyethylene. Micheal
keeps 1 cleaver down and cuts Dev's body. Michael is in shock. The blood
splashing all over the place and Micheal's face. Micheal puts the pieces in a
sack. He open's the polyethylene and starts cutting Robert's body into
pieces. Puts them in another sack. Takes his car and goes near a river open
the sack and throw it such that it floats.
Meanwhile
Micheal opens the knot. Looks through the area. The door was locked. He
open's the cupboards and finds a diary in one. Micheal opens the previous day
note "Jackson David tue Dev et Robert". On the same day it was written "La
force de David n'est plus" below it written "David, ses rois et ses sujets
devront faire face à une menace qui aura un impact durable sur le royaume de
David". Micheal reads and in shock drops the book down. The door behind him
opens. Jack was back. Micheal grabs the cleaver from the table ready to at-
tack Jack. Jack enters. Micheal throws the cleaver. Jack sees it and closes
the door. The cleaver gets stuck on the door. Jack slam opens the door. Jack
runs grabs a cleaver goes to attack Micheal, when he sees the diary fallen
down, Jack drops the cleaver. Jack says "This book was written by our ances-
tors in our local language but later it was translated by some french
philosophists". Jack grabs the book and says ""Le dernier descendant de la
famille de David est tué" - this was last week". Jack opens today's date page
and tells "This was not here the whole time. From where did this come "Le
royaume de David a son roi solitaire qui sauvera les jours sombres traversant
le royaume" it was not here the whole time". Micheal says "even I had not
seen it here. Today is the last day in the book. They made diary kind of book
with this year's dates written on it". A man enters the room. Jack grabs the
cleaver fallen down, jumps and cuts his head apart blood splashing on Jack's
face. Jack has blood all over face. He leans over to the wall and sits on the
ground. Throws the cleaver towards the book. The book starts burning.
[Interval]
Micheal pulls out the cleaver from the door and looks at Jack. "More bad days
are yet to come. You did plan something" Micheal says. Jack looks at Micheal.
Michael throws the cleaver towards Jack. Jack catches the cleaver. Jack says
"Are you with me?". Micheal "Yes". Cops are investigating the bodyguards
death at David fort. Jack and Micheal are called for interrogation. Jack says
"I don't know how. I took Micheal to the doctor as he wasn't well. When I re-
turned all of my bodyguards were dead". The police asks Micheal about his
friends. Michael responds saying "I was not feeling well my friends planned
reminiscing old times by camping in the forest. I couldn't go. I don't know
why they haven't arrived yet". The police man says "So your friends have gone
camping in that forest during the night were the people who die. And they
haven't arrived yet. People who went missing only few bodies have returned
the rest bodies went missing or were declared missing. I don't think they
will be back. Even though we will send a squad to check for your friends. How
did they go till there?". Jack replies "I sent a car to drop till wherever
they want and the car came back after leaving them within an hour".
Next day
The police informs Jack that Micheal's friends are missing and tells that he
also knows they won't be back. "The Forest Devil" on that day's newspaper
"People who enter the forest during the night. Only few return alive and only
few bodies arrive. The mystery seems a mystery even for the cops" were the
headlines. Jack asks Micheal to stay at fort and takes his car and leaves.
Evening when he was back, he found out that Micheal is missing. Jack takes
his car and goes to the forest. He finds a car of his, on the side of the
road. Jack gets down his car and goes inside the forest. He hears a sound.
Jack hides behind a tree and peeps. It was Micheal. Some tourists had entered
the forest. It was late evening around 5.45pm. Micheal grabs a cleaver and
cuts each one's throat apart. Micheal goes towards a small Hut in between the
forest which was considered forbidden. Cleans the cleaver. Turns back. He
sees Jack sitting on the chair. Micheal says "So you found out our.......
Sorry my little secret". Jack replies "I knew you and your friends were doing
this the whole time. I left you till the end because it was your forest".
Micheal says "We were the forbidden family of your kingdom. We started the
Forest Devil. Later my friends Robert and Dev joined me. Your son too got to
know about this. But sad we had to kill him before he could say anything to
anyone". Jack replies "You are the forest devil but I am the Devil of the
fortress. King of this kingdom. I also killed many and have flushed their
bodies through the river. I killed them because they were violating the rules
of the Forest. For you I give a last opportunity Micheal, finish it right now
and leave this kingdom for good or else I'll make you leave this kingdom for
good". Jack gets in his car and goes towards the fort. Micheal brings back
the car to the fort and leaves. "I am the Devil. Only one of a kind" Micheal
turns back. Jack hits him with his car.
Micheal wakes up in the same room "The underground basement" tied to a wooden
chair. Micheal shouts "Open this knot. I was leaving this kingdom. Now
what?". Jack replies "Once started cannot be finished so easily. I have expe-
rience". Micheal replies "Even you can't stop killing people. We are of same
kind. We are psychopaths whose paths have crossed eachother. You untie me! I
will save the whole kingdom". Jack replies "I and my ancestors couldn't save
the kingdom which became now a heritage site for many. I'm still living there
because of my family reputation. Every day visitors come to the fort. 'People
Of the New Generation' only want to see that stereotypical kings and Fort
that are exquisite. I'm a king only by blood not by work or my food deeds.
Even that ain't gonna change about us we also ain't. The Fire Starts when
there is a spark. But a spark can never stop the fire, it increases its heat,
strength". Jack takes a cleaver goes to stab Micheal. Jack drops the cleaver,
Shouts "I give you 30mins to leave. Take this cleaver from ground untie your-
self and leave. It's a difficult task. I'm sparing you life for it. Take this
chance". Jack gets in his car and leaves to fort. Jack eats dinner. Micheal
arrives at the fort. Grabs a fire torch outside the fort wall and searches
for Jack. Jack was in his room. Micheal stands behind Jack. Jack looks at the
reflection of Micheal on his mirror. Micheal tries to hit Jack with the
torch. Jack dodges the hit. Kicks Micheal. Micheal drops to the ground. Jack
punches Micheal. Micheal pushes Jack and rushes down the fort and gets in a
car. Jack follows him with another car. Jack races behind Micheal. Micheal
gets down the car and enters the forest. Forest guards were on duty that
night. The forest guards were ordered to shoot anyone they see in the forest
that night, animals to humans. Micheal in panic bumps into a forest guard.
Micheal had the cleaver tucked into his pants, which falls down. The forest
guard looks at the cleaver and aims at Micheal. Micheal starts running from
the forest guards. Jack was standing near the car with a cigar in this mouth
waiting. Micheal was in danger. Forest guards shooting Micheal and missing
it. Finally Micheal gets hit by a bullet on his shoulder bone. Micheal enters
his Hut in the forest. Micheal grabs his shotgun from the hut. Starts shoot-
ing the forest guards. He shoots all. Only 2 of them escape. Micheal goes be-
hind those 2 forest guards. The forest guard shoots at Micheal's hand.
Micheal in full range shoots the guard. By that time one guard had reached
the road and escaped. Micheal reaches the road where Jack is standing in
front of him. Micheal points the shotgun at Jack. Jack grabs his gun and
shoots his stomach. Jack goes to Micheal and says "You know why I shot your
stomach because once a wise man said ' It's like you have to save your own
life, nobody is going to be a saviour for you, so we have to do what we have
to do, no matter what it is. ' Which once started will have to end. Mine ends
with you". Jack shoots Micheal's head. Puts Jack's body in his car back seat.
Burns the car in which Micheal came. Jack starts his car and goes full speed
230km/h in his car and hits a rock. David fort is burning, Gas had leaked and
the torch helped the gas burn the fort.
[Showing past of Jack]
Jack had bought a house away from royalty for his son Jackie. He used to go
there frequently maintaining and arranging the new building house. Jack
didn't want royalty. He just wanted a peacefull life for him and his son.
After his son had passed away, Jack went for depression causing him a trau-
matic situation where he suspect anyone. The only way he could come out was
find his son's killer. He turned himself into the same kind of psychopath
just to find the killer of his son. He found him and successfully executed
him. His sins were paid with his death. "The great king from David Family
'King Jackson David' is no more. He saved the entire Kingdom and its people
risking his life and finally dying hit by a truck and his face flayed. May he
rest in peace!".
[That night when Jack was over speeding]
Jack reduces the speed. Gets down the car. keeps a stone on the accelerator.
Car starts moving down the road hitting a rock. Jack turns a truck hits him.
Body's face was flayed.
Jack looks at the truck driver taking Micheal's body thinking it was Jack's.
Jack completely blood bathed and exhausted gets a bus covering his face
leaves to a area filled with snow. Jack stays there with the name 'George
Gate'. He says "Somethings never change if you are a king, You remain one. If
you are a saviour, you remain one. If you are the devil, you remain one. The
only thing that changes is the respect you get and the name of the thing you
did to most people- La seule chose qui reste jusqu'à la fin est le respect
que vous obtenez en tant que sauveur".
The saviour
[A few years later]
The hut in the forest covered with overgrown moss and vines. A man walks to-
wards the hut. Breaks open the door. Enters inside. The hut was a electric
fenced property where nobody was allowed to enter. This man had cut the wires
causing electric current through the fence. Cut it open in a way he could en-
ter. Inside the hut, He finds shotguns and it's ammo. A forest guard enters
the hut points his gun at the man and says "it's forbidden to enter this
place". The man replies "It's forbidden for the people of the kingdom but I'm
an outsider" he laughs and shoots the gun pointing the shot gun at the forest
guard. The man laughs loudly.
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The South Side Story.pdf ---

The South Side Story
"High Shine Appartment, situated in Bangalore East. It will be almost near from your
workplace. What do you say?" Asked Manu To Jay. Jay replies "I'm fine with any area,
but traffic should be less while commuting". Manu replies "There is no place in
Bangalore without traffic! And the place our office is, is the place filled with
traffic!". Jay responds "Okay fine! I'll buy a 3BHK appartment in there! I can buy an
appartment instead of paying huge rent in Bangalore". Jay aka Jay Mohan, son of Mohan
and Maya had been living with his Friend and Colleague Manu since two years after
getting a job in Bangalore, and leaving his hometown Kerala. He was working as aIT
professional in IBM. Jay finalizes the appartment and shifts there. He Lived on 4th
floor. Daily, early morning he used to go for a walk around the appartment and the
park inside the appartment. People in the appartment thought he was too Arrogant as
he never spoke to anyone in the appartment, he used to not even smile at the people
who were smiling at him. He left for his work at 9 am.
At office, Jay shares sweet for buying a new appartment. Manu, Seetha and Rajguru
were his friends at work. Seetha Liked Jay and Jay knowing about this, usually kept a
distance from her. Rajguru said "So when is the party?". Jay replies "I just gave you
sweets! What else do you guys want as a treat?". Manu said "We want alcohol party".
Jay replies "Okay! Let's go to a nearby place tonight". After the party, Jay reaches
his appartment. His house number was 409. Jay completely drunk reaches in front of
410 and tries to open the door. The lock wasn't opening, as he was drunk, he tried to
push open the door. Suddenly, the door opens and Jay falls inside. A girl stood
shocked. Jay looks at the girl and says "Nice girl!". The girl's father comes up to
the door and asks "Who are you?". Jay inturn asks "You are in my House! Who are you?"
Quirkily. The man tells "You're that boy next door, right? You came inside the wrong
door, you are in 410!". Jay gets up and silently walks and slips, the man comes and
holds him. Jay looks at the house name "Mr. Manoj and Family". Jay then looks at the
man and tells "You are Manoj?". Manoj replies "Yes, I am Manoj, your neighbour!". Jay
opens the door of his house and enters inside. Manoj helps Jay get onto his bed and
comes out. Next day, Jay goes for walk and Manoj comes in front of him. Manoj asks
"What happened to you yesterday? You broke into my house and were flirting with my
daughter Raya". Jay's face gets red and says "Sorry Sir! I just came in here, and had
a party yesterday. That is why I, by mistake I came in". Manoj pats Jay's back and
says "Don't worry, when I want to drink, I'll come to your house. Don't worry, I
won't tell anyone out here". Jay smiles and nods his head. Jay then goes to his
floor. Looks at 410 and knocks the door. Raya comes out opening the door and asks
"Are you drunk again?". Jay's face gets red, he looks up and tells Raya "Look! I'm
sorry for commenting on you yesterday. I am not drunk! We had a small party yester-
day". Raya asks Jay to get inside and makes him a tea. Raya's Mother Jaya comes in
and asks "Where do you work?". Jay replies "I work in IBM. Sorry for yesterday
Aunty!". Raya was a online yoga instructor. Jay comes back home and leaves for work.
At work, Jay tells what happened the previous day to Manu, Seetha and Rajguru.
Rajguru and Manu start laughing listening to what had happened. Seetha sympathized
him and says "Manu and Rajguru, let's go to Jay's place tonight!". Manu and Rajguru
agreed for this. Later that night, Seetha reaches first to Jay's house. Manu and
Rajguru arrive late. Seetha opens the door for Many and Rajguru. Rajguru pulls out a
alcohol bottle from his back. Seetha tells "You know how much problems he got into
because of this yesterday, and now you guys are getting the same thing today?". When
Manu, Rajguru and Jay didn't listen to what she was saying, she walks out of the
house out of anger. All three get completely drunk. Manu and Rajguru after the party
decide to leave. Jay opens the door for them and stood outside waiting for them to
leave. Once they had left, Jay tries to get into his house but slips and rolls in
front of 410. He felt unconscious and slept in front of Manoj's house door. One of
the neighbour from 408, takes Jay's photo sleeping in front of 410's door and send
the photo in the appartment association group. Early morning his phone rang. It was
Jay's father Mohan. Jay was still laying in front of the door. He gets up and enters
into his room and attends the call. Mohan said "I'll be coming to Bangalore tomorrow.
First thing, I want to see your new house, but before that I'll be going to see a
girl for you for marriage, directly from railway station. I'll send you their loca-
tion and I'll call you when to come to their home!". Jay replies "Okay! Take care!"
And ends the call. Jay goes for work. Seetha asks "Stop going with this Manu and
Rajguru! They will make you drunk and ruin your life!". Jay responds "We were just
enjoying, Once or twice is my limit!". Seetha replies "I want to say you something,
Can you come and meet me evening at the coffee shop?". Jay agrees and looks at
Rajguru's face. Rajguru was making faces at him. Jay reaches the coffee shop in the
evening. Seetha comes in and they both order a coffee. Seetha tells "I don't know how
to start, but I really have a bit concern for you! Stop drinking! And I want to say-
". Jay interrupts and says "I know that you like me, but this ain't going to happen.
I can only see you as a friend!". Seetha gets emotional and Jay tries to console her.
Seetha gets angry, picks up her bag and leaves. Jay goes behind her, but she gets
into her car and leaves. Jay goes back in and the ordered coffee comes onto the ta-
ble. Jay tells to the waiter "Cancel my order!". The waiter replies "You should have
cancelled before we were making it, now you have to pay for this!". Jay takes the
coffee in a takeaway bag and gets into his car and leaves back home. After reaching
home he was sad for speaking to Seetha in such a rude manner. Jay keeps the coffee in
the refrigerator and opens his phone to see message of him sleeping on the floor at
the walkway in front of 410's door. The whole association was angry except a few,
mainly Manoj and family. Jay calls Manoj into his house. Both start drinking and get
completely drunk. Manoj after some time goes back to his house. Jay goes to lock the
door and this time falls in front of his door 409. Early morning, few guests arrive
at 410. It was Mohan, Maya and Jay's brother Rahul. Jay kept his face down and was in
a deep sleep. Rahul looks down and tells to Mohan "It looks like your son, his body
looks the same!". Maya replies "Your brother doesn't drink and if he has too, why
would he sleep down here? He has a own house!". Rahul murmurs to himself "She has not
seen her son drinking". Just out of curiosity, Rahul tries to wake the unknown man
up. Mohan, Maya and Rahul and shocked seeing Jay laying on the floor drunk. Jay looks
at his parents and brother is shocked. Jay gets up and opens his door and asks them
"How did you get to know my address?". Mohan tells "We didn't know where you live,
but the marriage broker gave this address of the girl. She lives in 410 and her name
is Raya!". Jay scratches his head. Mohan continues "When did you start drinking?".
Jay replies "I didn't drink I was tired and I slipped and fell down!". Mohan tells
"If you slipped and fell down out of tiredness, good, but if you fell down drunk, you
will see another face of mine!". Jay gets into his room, Takes a bath and comes out
before going to Manoj's home for the initial meeting. After some time, taking rest,
they go to Manoj's home for meeting Raya along with Jay. Jay looks at Manoj and makes
faces to not tell the truth about his drinking. Meena and Jaya go inside the kitchen.
Mohan and Manoj spoke about their children and Raya and Jay were sent to speak alone.
Jaya meanwhile shows Maya Jay's picture sleeping on the floor and a video of him
drinking with Manoj. Maya takes the photos and videos and shows it to Mohan. Mohan
and Maya gets angry but kept quiet. When Jay and Raya came out, Mohan and Maya kept
quiet. Manoj tells to Raya "Are you ok in marrying Jay?". Raya replies "He told me,
he likes me a lot. He is a unique character!". Manoj looks and Mohan and says "Though
your son drinks, he is well disciplined and has a good character and I am happy to
fix an alliance with your family". Mohan gets slightly happy listening to this. Mohan
and Manoj then exchange plates and fix Jay and Raya's Marriage.
[Interval]
Manu mockingly "Not even a week in the appartment and a arranged love marriage next
door!". Jay stayed quiet. Seetha goes to Jay and says "I've been working with you and
I am your friend for two years and you couldn't tell me about the girl next door?".
Rajguru tried to stop Seetha from getting angry. Seetha replied "Even I found another
boy! He just came in for an interview and will join for work tomorrow!". Jay reaches
home and Maya says "Go ask your brother how his interview went!". Jay replies "It's
his interview! Why would I ask him. I am very tired and am going to sleep!". Jay goes
into his room. Jay thought with himself "If my parents got to know I Drunk, by now it
should have been an issue!". Jay takes out a cigarette from his pocket and starts
smoking in his balcony. It was a joint balcony, so one could get inside from another
room. Mohan comes to the balcony from another room and finds Jay smoking. Mohan re-
moves his slipper silently and throws it on Jay. The slipper hits on Jay's face and
the cigarette falls down. Mohan runs towards Jay. Jay runs away from Mohan. Mohan
says "Alcohol, Cigarette and then what?!". Jay runs and Mohan chasing him. Jay opens
his main door. When he opened Manoj stood along with a bottle of alcohol and a pack
of cigarettes. Jay bends down and runs outside along with his car key. Gets into his
car and drives to Manu's House where now Manu and Rajguru were sharing rooms. Jay
opens the door and enters, both Manu and Rajguru were drinking. Jay closes the door,
takes his car and goes to seetha's house. At seetha's house, there was her parents.
Jay asks them to stay there for that day during the night and will leave during the
morning for which they agree. Next morning, Jay silently goes to his house, takes a
bath and comes out to see Mohan standing in front of him. Mohan says "Even I used to
drink and smoke before marriage. The reason I stopped was an accident. I was too
drunk and I hit a side walk, I was saved but my hand was dislocated. After a surgery
it became fine, but later I was advised by the doctor not to drive a car or a bike. I
used to be crazy about cars and bikes during that time. This challenged me to stop
drinking. I believe even you should stop too! I won't scold you but stop!". Jay gets
emotional listening to this. He takes his cigarette boxes and alcohol bottles and
throws it in a trash can and then Jay goes to work. Jay says to Seetha "Who is your
new boy?". Seetha points at the door in which entered Rahul. Jay looks at Seetha and
says "It's my brother!". Seetha responds saying "And I know it!". Seetha goes along
with Rahul for coffee. Manu and Rajguru started making fun of Jay saying "His Ex-
girlfriend is going to be his sister in Law!". Evening after reaching home Jay and
Rahul are taken to Seetha's house for fixing an alliance for Rahul with Seetha. After
the alliance was fixed, Seetha goes to Jay and says "That day at the coffee shop, I
didn't come to say I like you, I came to say, I am dating your brother! I am the one
who referred him to our company!". Jay tells "I didn't know about this! I am sorry
for thinking like that. I decided to stop drinking!". Seetha replies "I don't care!
You can't make a dog's tail straight!". After that day, Jay joins Raya's Yoga
classes. Jay also joined the laughing yoga within the appartment. People who thought
Jay was arrogant and a drunkard, started to believe he was good. Manoj took Jay to
his army camp, from which Manoj had retired. There he meets up with his friends and
call them for Jay and Raya's marriage. Jay and Rahul's marriage was fixed on the same
day.
Few months later
At Kerala, Two days before the marriage, a bachelor's party was kept for Jay and
Raya, along with Rahul and Seetha. Seetha was on room number 501 and Raya on room
503. During the bachelor's party Manu insists Jay to drink. Rahul had already passed
out drunk. Jay decline but later was forced to drink. Jay gets completely drunk and
makes Rahul to take up. Jay tells Rahul "I have bought a Necklace for my upcoming
wife and my going to be sister in law. I'll give Seetha's to you! We will give them
both and both will be happy!". Jay and Rahul goes to Jay's room and takes out the
necklaces and hands one to Rahul. Jay and Rahul take one more shot before going to
their respective going to be wives. Jay and Rahul confuses eachother's room number.
Jay knocks on 501 door and Rahul knocks on 503. Seetha opens the door and Jay falls
down inside. Jay's eyes closed takes the necklace box and shows it to Seetha and says
"This is for you! My Love!" And looks onto her face. Jay gets shocked and comes out
of her room. Jay looks at Rahul standing outside and says "What is Seetha doing in
room number 503?". Rahul replies "Why is Raya in room 501?". Jay says "It's ok I'll
go to 501 now, you go to 503!". Now, this time Jay goes to 501 and Rahul goes inside
503. This time Jay is again shocked finding Seetha in 501 and not Raya. Both Rahul
and Jay come out and take a shot and get passed out. The whole event was getting
recorded by the hotel employee through CCTV and uploads it in YouTube with the title
"GROOMS EXCHANGE BRIDES". The video becomes trending and all the people at the mar-
riage watch the video. Jay goes to the CCTV room and asks "I want to know who did
this!". Everyone kept silent. After no response Jay gets angry takes a hammer and
starts to break the TVs and Hard disks in the CCTV room. He comes out and the hotel
manager stood in front of him. Jay says "I want the culprit to be released from this
hotel immediately, after that I'll pay for your losses". The manager replies "Sir, we
had a CCTV in this room! If you wouldn't have broken the hard disks and TVs we could
have found out the culprit easily!". Jay gets awkward and says "I think I should pay
you the amount now!". Jay settles the amount with the manager and leaves. Outside
Raya was standing emotional and says "You are trying to hide that you were drunk and
are trying to blame others for your mistakes!". Seetha comes up and slaps Rahul for
drinking and creating this nuisance. Jay tells to Raya "I'm sorry!". Raya responds
"Sorry for what? Creating this nuisance or for ruining my name in public?". Jay re-
sponds "I'm sorry for everything! Let's end this alliance here! I hope all are happy
with my decision!". Rahul listening to Jay says to Seetha "No! I won't leave you! I
can't leave you!". Jay starts to walk outside the hotel emotionally. Raya was crying
in one end. Seetha says "This is the first time and should be your last time drink-
ing! Only then I'll marry you!". Rahul replies "I agree! I'll not drink from now
on!". Raya gets up and runs behind Jay. Jay opens the door to his car and Raya comes
from behind and hugs Jay. Raya says "The first time I saw you! I saw you completely
innocent and I like that innocence in your face! I knew you are clumsy, but after our
engagement, I made sure you won't be like that! That's why I am marrying you! If you
leave me my whole life will be ruined! After that video, people are speaking bad
about us! Not us Me!". Jay closes his eyes and turns towards Raya and hugs her and
says "The Second time we met, I was sorry for flirting. Now I apologise to you and am
sorry for everything! Please accept me to be your groom!". Raya looks into Jay's
eyes. Both sharing their glace with eachother. After some time, From behind a sound
"Cut!". Jay and Raya relaxed and looked, the camera man took an extended footage for
their marriage video. Jay looks at Raya and says "That guy took our video. I don't
think I'll need that video to remember what I said you the day before our marriage! I
will not drink anymore! And that's a promise! You won't do any household Chores! I
will! And That's my promise!". next day, Jay and Raya, Rahul and Seetha get married,
Happily.
2 years later
Jay was playing with his daughter. The room untidy, clothes lying on floor and bed
not arranged properly. Raya comes into the room and says "What have you done with our
room! Do you keep your house like this?". Jay looked at her and says "You can clean
it once we finish playing!". Raya replies "Don't you remember what you told me the
day before our marriage?". Jay replies "I don't think I said anything!". Raya on's
the TV and plays the clip of Jay making the promise. Jay starts to sweat. Raya looks
at him and asks "You already broke one promise! I hope you don't break the other!".
Jay drinks water and says "I didn't break that promise!". Raya goes inside the room
to clean it. Jay takes a bottle of alcohol from his back and hides it behind a shelf.
Raya comes out of the room. Jay asks "Did you clean the room?". Raya responds "No! I
can only clean after I finish the yoga class!". Jay takes his daughter and goes in-
side the room and says "We are playing after that you can clean the room!". Raya
walks towards the shelf and tells "Okay!". Raya looks behind the shelf and finds the
bottle of alcohol. Raya takes the bottle and walks towards the room. Jay looks at the
shadow of Raya along with the bottle. Jay opens the balcony and enters through an-
other room towards the main door, behind him was chasing Raya. Jay takes his car keys
with his daughter in one hand and runs. His daughter looks at him and giggles. Raya
takes the bottle and throws it on the TV, at the part Jay was making the promise. The
TV and the Bottle shatters together. Raya tells to herself "Seetha was right! A dog's
tail can never be made straight! Let Jay come back home!".
The End
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- The Violent Future.pdf ---

THE VIOLENT FUTURE
A two-story house stood in an area with empty space on both its left and right sides.
A few houses were situated opposite to this one. It was a rainy night, and the area
was surrounded by walls behind the house and to the left. More houses could be found
if one ventured to the right of the house. The house was isolated for about 3-4 plots
of land, with the next chain of houses beginning further down the lane. There was
only one road leading to this area. It was a rainy night. The owner of the house
Sanjay Samuel aged 35-40, comes out to lock his gate. The house had 2 gates. One gate
gave direct opening for the Sanjay's house and the bigger one gave way for the stairs
and car porch where the Sanjay's car had been stopped. He goes to lock the bigger one
when he hears the sound of someone from the next compound, opposite to his house try-
ing to break the wall. The owner thought it was the crackling sound of the thunder
ignores it locks all the gate and goes to sleep. In late midnight he hears sound of
his main door opening. Sanjay wakes up. Suddenly his room door opens. A man with a
gun in his hand enters the room and shouts "Give me whatever cash, gold and mainly
your phone". Sanjay walks hands raised up removes his phone from charge and gives it
to the robber. The robber looks at the phone and says "Button phone?!". By the time
the robber looks at Sanjay's face, Sanjay punches the robber on face. The robber
falls down. Sanjay dials 100. The police reaches the place to see the robber tied
outside the house gate with a letter saying "I have to go to office tomorrow early
morning as I have a meeting. I'll reach the police station by evening, I'm going to
sleep now and my gate is locked kindly arrest the robber considering this my state-
ment. -Sanjay Samuel (with sign)". The police catches the robber and puts him in
lockup.
Sanjay wakes up in the morning goes to work. He attends the meeting and takes half
day leave and goes to the police station. Sanjay enters the police station and asks a
constable "Police had caught a robber in my home today morning. I would like to raise
the FIR for it. Where should I go?". The constable says "There was no robbers caught
today morning. Can you check any other police station". According to Sanjay's knowl-
edge he had called the police station he had just entered. He goes to all nearby po-
lice stations and there was no robber caught. Sanjay goes back home in a mixed emo-
tion. He reaches his house. There were many people standing outside his house. All
looked like they had come to hit somebody. Sanjay stops his car in a distance from
his house and starts walking towards his house to ask to clear the crowd. The robber
was standing out of Sanjay's house with a hammer in his hand. The robber says "My
name is Amar Raj. This is my local friends who work with me in different localities.
You put me in jail. Now, I put you to death". Sanjay runs towards his car. Amar's men
start to chase him. Sanjay opens his car trunk. He throws the spare tyre burning it
using petrol from a extra petrol box from car towards the men. He grabs a bolt span-
ner and starts running behind the men to hit them. Sanjay starts hitting the men and
finally reach in front of Amar and says "This is your last day!". Sanjay takes the
spanner hit the rest of Amar's men. He kills Amar and He surrenders to police unknow-
ing the further consequences. Sanjay was fired after he got mingled with a murder
case. He was found guilty and sent to jail for 7 years even though he had killed Amar
for self defence.
7 years later
Sanjay comes out of jail. He decided to go for work. Nobody was ready to give a job
for him when he found an advertisement in a newspaper "Job vacancy, we would not ask
you your name or details. We just need an employee and we give monthly salary of 3
lakhs". Sanjay immediately joins in that work. The gave a box. Sanjay opened his lap-
top for 2 weeks and there was not a single mail regarding what work he had to do.
After 2 weeks, he got a mail stating
"Assignment 1:
(photo of a man)
main target should be killed with in 7 days.
Note:If not killed you will be killed on the 8th day.
Location of target: Milan, Italy
Tickets have been attached in this mail. Gun in the box right next to you. It's for
self defence, the gun you need will be given by Dev, Field executive.
Time starts: Exactly when you land at Milan"
In Milan, Italy
Sanjay says "Am I an assassin who has been sent for an assassination" to himself. A
man approaches Sanjay and says "You are Sanjay Assassin level: Amateur. My name is
Dev. I also work in your same company as field executive". Sanjay shakes hand and
goes to the hotel room at 16th floor. Dev gives Sanjay a sniper and says "I have been
ordered to give information about the target and you have to plot the plan to kill
him". Sanjay asks dev "Where will The target Christopher Edward be now?". Dev replies
"He is in the 8th floor of our hotel". Sanjay makes a plan to kill him the same day
itself. Christopher will go to a party that evening. He will use the hotel taxi. Dev
will be the driver for it. The speakers in the trunk must be removed so that Sanjay
can sit in the car's trunk and clean headshot Christopher. According to this plan
Christopher does the same things and takes an hotel taxi where Dev was the driver.
Sanjay takes his gun and tries to shoot but water comes out of hit. Christopher turns
back to see Sanjay hiding in the trunk of the car. Christopher pulls Sanjay to the
seat. Sanjay falls down of the back seat of the car. Christopher pulls out a gun from
his over coat. Sanjay starts kicking Christopher on his face. Christopher drops the
gun. Dev starts driving the car fast. Sanjay grabs the gun. Christopher open the door
and jumps. Dev drifts the car and takes a reverse turn. Sanjay comes out of the car.
Christopher starts running and his hit by a speed moving truck and blood is splashed
all over. Christopher's body turned into particles. Dev points a gun at Sanjay and
says "I am the field superviser of Assassination and co. We assassinate people who
find about our organisation. We bring prisoners who are in parole or left from jail.
Give them an assignment and kill them after the assassination has been completed. I'm
not only field supervisor but also the Managing director and the Assassin No.1 level:
professional. Now you are going to die". Sanjay says "My name is Sanjay aka Sanjay
Samuel. Used to work in an IT company but was fired after attempting a murder. You
just know this about me. Kill me!" Dev reloads his gun and starts shooting Sanjay un-
til the round gets over. Sanjay starts laughing and says "You know something called
Bullet proof vest". Sanjay takes his gun at head shots Dev. Dev dies. Dev's phone
starts to ring. Sanjay attends and hears "Our company has been here for many years,
Dev you did a good job killing Sanjay who killed our Gangstar Mark's brother Amar
Raj". Sanjay says "If I didn't know about Mark was better. My name is Sanjay Samuel
Inspector of Police who was on an investigative mission find Mark 'Mark Raj'. My pri-
mary target was to find Mark raj and you finally have given me his details. Thank
you". Sanjay cuts the call and throws the phone in a trash can. Sanjay calls to
Indian police department and says "Mark lives in Milan. But his brother Amar being a
robber and he being a gangstar doesn't match. I need proper details about it the day
I reach India". Sanjay walks towards his hotel packs his bag and waits for his flight
at airport when he gets a call. Sanjay picks the call and hears "hello Mr. Sanjay
Samuel. You have been undercover for more than 10 years now. I guess you should re-
ally look back because me Mark Raj is on his way to kill you!". Sanjay laughs and
says "You are scared that's why you are hiding in Milan. If you have true intentions
to kill me, Kill me in India" and cuts the call. Sanjay calls Indian police and says
"Mark Raj will arrive anytime in india keep a track as I have put petrol on his fire
to kill me".
[INTERVAL]
Sanjay was being chased by many people. Sanjay's face soaked in blood. Sanjay runs
down the lanes of Delhi. All of the men holding hammers, sickle and crowbars to hit
and kill Sanjay. Sanjay completely in panic running here and there. Suddenly he hears
" Air India flight going from Milan City to Delhi is delayed by 2 hours". Sanjay
opens his eyes and says in relief "It was a dream!". Sanjay starts walking around the
airport untill the plane arrives.
Next day
Sanjay reaches Delhi. He gets in a cab. Sanjay decides to have a nap till he reached
his hotel. Sanjay wakes up in a snowy area. His bags open thrown in the snow. Sanjay
starts packing back his bags. He lifts them up. His hands were cold. Legs nearly
numb. Face pale and faded due to cold. He starts walking. The atmosphere was foggy
and Sanjay could hardly see any residential or commercial areas nearby. Sanjay's
breathe was cold. His chest paining as crumbling cold winds are blown towards him. He
hardly knew his was midway top of a mountain. Sanjay was completely exhausted. He
fell down. The snow in the mountain started sliding. The snow took Sanjay sliding
down the mountain. Sanjay completely buried in snow could not even shout or speak.
Even if he could no one was around him to even help. After the snow sliding was over
The police came to check for any casualties. They find a shoe. Two cops runs towards
the shoe and takes a showel to clear the snow to find if anybody was inside. They
find Sanjay and send him to an hospital. One cop goes in the ambulance and the other
one picks the bags which had slides along with him and checked for any suspicious ac-
tivity as nobody climbs up the mountains of that area and it was close to Pakistan
border. The cop finds a gun in his bag. The cop asks the other cop to arrest him if
he survives. The cop takes the gun and goes to the Police station. On his way he gets
a call "Hello Mr.Anand Fernando, I am Mark 'Mark Raj'. The gun you are currently hav-
ing is mine. You keep it in your station, I will have to bomb it. Many lives will
die. My men were too foolish to forget to bring back the gun I had given Sanjay. I'm
not a terrorist. Even I am an Indian. I need to make myself safe, you get the gun I'm
waiting in hotel whose location I'll be sending you now. Take urself some time untill
this evening. Decide wisely!". Sanjay was getting treated in hospital. He had slight
concussion and numbness all over his body. Anand stops his car. He was confused
whether he has to do his duty and file an fir with the gun and kill many of his po-
lice colleagues life or give the gun and maybe risk his own life. Anand searches
Sanjay's bag to find more details of his and finds Sanjay's flight ticket. He calls
the control centre and says "This is anand Fernando I would like to know details of a
man named "Sanjay Samuel"". The control centre cop says "He is an undercover cop from
Mumbai. He is on a mission to find international don 'Mark Raj'" Anand thanks him and
cuts the call. Sanjay was feeling better now. The other cop introduces him and says
"Hi sir, my name is Tariq bhat. Anand told me you are an undercover cop". Sanjay says
in sore throat voice "Who is Anand?". Tariq says "I forgot to introduce him he and i
rescued you from the avalanche. The doctor advised you to take rest for the day and
you can leave tomorrow". Sanjay says "I guess you may take a leave now as I am better
you have more job to do right". Tariq smiles and starts leaving when he says "Not
more bigger job than you sir, you are an inspiration. You can go to any extent to
complete your mission" he salutes and leaves. Sanjay drowsy hears Tariq speaking in
phone about the gun to Anand. Sanjay sleeps and Tariq goes to station.
Meanwhile, Anand was preparing to meet Mark Raj. He took some extra guns with him for
self defence. Evening Tariq takes Sanjay's dinner and enters into the room. Sanjay
was not there in the room. Tariq asks the hospital staffs to check for Sanjay. The
staffs say that he paid the bills and had left the hospital. Anand drives towards
Mark's location. Sanjay does a phone call while driving a car and asks "Get me Mark's
location right now!". Mark's location is sent to Sanjay. Sanjay starts speeding to-
wards the location in Jammu. The location was not a hotel. It was a villa kind of
building near a river. Sanjay reaches the location. Mark's men do a check over
Sanjay's body for any weapons. After nothing was found Sanjay was sent in. Anand
reaches behind him. It was a dusky evening. Anand hands over the man checking the gun
mark had asked for and he had to give the men all the guns he had taken for self-de-
fence. Mark was in the first floor. He looks down at Sanjay and says "Where has this
brought to you. You have once been a police officer, a person sent to jail, an assas-
sin and finally death. Now your death is in my hand". Sanjay sits on the sofa as he
had gave up and says "I donate my body to you (smiles) and kill me right now! I will
be proud that I did my job before dying". Mark says "Ok so be it". 2 gun shots heard.
Mark and sanjay turns towards the door. Anand had killed the men who were checking
for guns. Mark shoots at Sanjay's right hand. Sanjay punches a man using his left
hand and takes the gun the man had. Sanjay runs upstairs. Anand sees a chekhov's gun.
He grabs it, loads it and starts shooting all the men. One by one all men are killed.
Anand takes the gun and climbs upstairs to see Sanjay lying on the floor completely
hurt. Anand shoots and kills Mark. Anand goes to Sanjay and asks "Are you ok sir?".
Sanjay replies saying "I am fine! This is usual for people like us!". Mark's phone
starts ringing. When anand checks it is a video call saved 'bro'. He attends the call
and sees a man looking identical to Mark. He says "You killed my twin brother Mark.
We are the Mark brothers. I am 'Max Raj'(laughs though tears dripping from eyes). You
have 15 seconds to leave before the house blasts". Anand and Sanjay start running out
of the house while Max was counting numbers. After 15 seconds nothing happens. Max
starts laughing. Anand shouts "Are you doing comedy with us!?". Max stops laughing
and the house blasts. Sanjay grabs the phone from Anand and says "I got 2 locations
from cyber when I asked for Mark's location. So I asked them to find the location
sent to Anand. That's why I went to him. I didn't know the other location belonged to
Max raj. That's why am on my way to your location". Sanjay and Anand sit in the car.
Sanjay starts speeding. Max starts packing for going back to Milan. Max decides to
take back his brother's body and appoints 2 men to get the body. Max drives towards
the helipad to get in the helicopter to delhi to catch a flight back to Milan. Sanjay
reaches the helipad just before Max got down his car. Sanjay speeds the car towards
the helicopter and asks Sanjay to jump in the count of 3. Both jump out of the car.
The car hits the helicopter and the helicopter blasts. Sanjay and Anand survive with
minimal injuries. Both were blood soaked. Max's men catch Sanjay and Anand and start
punching and kicking Sanjay and Anand. Sanjay starts to spit out blood. Sanjay and
Anand were exhausted. Tariq calls the cyber department and asks for Sanjay and
Anand's location. Both were in the same location. Sanjay is beaten to death. Anand
was completely off. Anand slips from their hand and fall down. Sanjay starts vomit-
ting blood. Max laughs at their plight and says "You wanted all these. I and Mark
left our home at 16. We slowly built up our empire of illegal business. We told our
brother Amar when we were at the age of 16 that we will come for taking him with us
one day. That day was coming near when you killed him. He was a thief. He initially
begged for food in the streets of Bangalore. Later he started robbing houses, local
banks, living a mundane life. Now, when his life was going to become king size, you
killed him". Sanjay spits out blood and says "If you kill 1, many are waiting for or-
ders to kill you. Prepare yourself to die!". Max starts laughing when he is headshot.
His men look back where the bullet had come and sees Tariq holding a revolver and
standing. Tariq shoots Max's men to death. Tariq asks "Sir what happened to Anand?".
Sanjay smiles and says "it's just a mild concussion, nothing else (winks his eyes).
There was a river nearby. Sanjay goes to the river and have a bath. Tariq gets a
bucket from his car. They full the bucket and pour water on Anand. Anand wakes up and
says "what happened to Mark, Sir?". Sanjay replies "Your friend Tariq shot him".
Tariq looks at Anand and smiles. "The body and ruins must be clears asap" says
Sanjay. Anand asks to deploy a group of officers to immediately clear the ruins.
Anand says "So mission Mark, mark-max is completed. What is your reward sir?". Sanjay
replies saying "I understand you want some. But I blasted your car, so I'll have to
buy you a new one. Are you ok with that?". Anand, Tariq and Sanjay have a good laugh.
Sanjay goes to delhi to CBI headquarters. CBI head officer Shiva says "Well done Mr.
Sanjay Samuel. You have done a great job. You next assignment is...."
Few months later in Berlin
Sanjay is working in a bank as a Bank manager. Few robbers enter to rob the bank.
Sanjay, Anand and Tariq catch the robbers and chain them. Few more robbers enter the
bank. Sanjay enters the bank locker and comes out with the chekhov's gun pointing at
the robbers and shouts "Come on guys! Let's have a blast!".
That day at CBI headquarters
Shiva says "The assassination and co. Is still running we don't know how. Even after
the death of the Mark-Max twins before going back do this for me. Find the robbers
who are planning a robbery in Berlin. It's news that they are Indians". Sanjay says
"Sir i need 2 people with me for my future missions Anand and Tariq". Shiva says "You
became friends right(smiles)".
Written by Nivedh Sunil


--- Victor Walter.pdf ---

Victor Walter
"Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth"
Bangalore
A man holds a gun and walks into a street, he knocks a door and shows his ID and says
"I am Victor, SI, Bangalore". The man who opened the door pulls him inside and ties
Victor to a chair and says "You have made a deal with a wrong person! Ashiq would
like to see you!". Victor says "Xavier! I've come to deal with the devil himself!".
Few black cars comes in front of the door and Ashiq with a black tuxedo enters into
the house. Ashiq asks Victor "I need you to do a work, remove all my casefiles and
join me into the syndicate! I have heard many great things on how you work, your bru-
tality towards the people opposite to your ideology!". Victor says "If you know my
ideology, then we won't be doing a deal here!". Ashiq asks "What do you want?" And
asks his guards to untie Victor. Victor walks to Ashiq and says "The thing I hate the
most is humiliation! Xavier pulled me inside holding my collar!". Ashiq shouts
"Guards! Kill Xavier!". Victor stops the guards and grabs a cleaver from on of them.
He keeps the cleaver on Xavier's neck. Xavier starts to plead and starts sweating.
Victor types a resignation letter and sends it to DGP. Xavier looks at Victor's eyes,
Victor pulls the cleaver back and slices out Xavier's head from his body. All the
blood splashes on Victor's face and shirt. Ashiq starts clapping and shouts "Victor!
Welcome to my Syndicate!". Ashiq opens the car's door for Victor and he himself sits
inside.
Northern Ireland
Zack waits while Victor lands with the helicopter. Victor asks Zack "What must I do
for Ashiq's syndicate?". Ashiq used be a small time black market arms dealer in
Russia, when legalization backstabbed the black market, Ashiq started his own legal
arms dealership. Ashiq had a right hand who was Zack, who dealed with accounts and
handling. Ashiq had another business, a fake medicine business which he bought for
cheap all over the world and sold at a high rate in India with his pharmaceutical
company named 'AU pharmaceutical'. Zack says to Victor "You're brought here to deal
with arms dealer directly, If they go other way, you will kill them!". Victor asks
"So I am your Assassin?". Zack says "Yes! More like a Right hand assassin!". Zack
gives Victor a ticket to Panama for a deal and says "You just need to sit in the car
waiting outside which will take you directly to the place of meeting!".
Panama, Central America
Victor gets down from the flight and enters into the car waiting outside. The Car
driver gives Victor two guns. They reach to an old factory, the car stops outside and
Victor walks inside. Charlie, International-drug kingpin was standing in front of
Victor. Chalie says "This is an illegal arms and drug trade! How much drug do you
need for the guns I need?". Victor asks Charlie to wait and calls ,Zack. Victor says
"You told me to speak about a deal, I thought it was cash! I don't deal with drugs!
It's against my ideology!". Zack says "We are intermediary for this drug trade, we
will take drug from them and sell it to another called Karos, the African mafia and
take cash from them! Say you need 20 Tons of drugs to finalize the deal". Victor cuts
the call, confused on what was going on. Victor then says "We need 20 Tons to final-
ize the deal!". Chalie slowly walks towards Victor gives his hands and says "It was a
good deal Mr..". Victor says "Victor! Victor Walter!". Charlie hugs Victor and says
"The drugs will reach Northern Ireland, tomorrow!". Victor says "The guns will reach
Panama by next week!". Victor walks into the car and leaves back to Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland
Night, Victor goes to meet Ashiq in his office and says "I don't want to involve in
drug trade! I'm ready to deal with arms but not drugs!". Ashiq takes out a pack and
snorts cocaine and says "Arms is just a cover-up! My deals are drugs itself! We ex-
change Drugs with arms and sell it all over the world! And Karos distributes it to
India as he has Trade permit for Appliances!". Victor says "It's wrong! You cannot
force me into this!". Ashiq calls his guards and ask them to hold Victor. Ashiq pulls
out a long cleaver and walks to Victor. Ashiq says "If you can't do what I say, then
you don't live in this world!". Ashiq pulls the cleaver back and goes to stab Ashiq,
when he gets a call. Ashiq picks the call, which was from Zack. Zack says "Karos is
dead! And the syndicate is keeping an emergency meeting at Karos's funeral tomorrow!
You need to leave to Niamey, right now!". Ashiq says "I need you to deal with Victor!
I'll leave now!". Ashiq throws the cleaver, fully influenced by the drug, sits in his
car and leaves. Zack arrives at Ashiq's office and finds Victor tied to a wall and
brutally beaten up. When Zack checks, Victor was dead. Zack asks the guards to untie
him and put him in the car. On the way, Zack buys a coffin and puts Victor inside. At
an old cemetery, Zack buries Victor and leaves. Zack calls Ashiq.
Niamey, Niger
Ashiq picks the call. Zack says "Victor's dead! What next?". Ashiq says "Kill his
family In India". Zack sends people to kill Victor's family. Once Victor's wife and
kids were killed, Zack informs Ashiq that Victor's family is dead. Ashiq enters into
the meeting room. Charlie says "We need a replacement for Karos to deal with India
and Niger!". Another Person says "Many people in this board are already handling mul-
tiple countries including Karos who dealt with Niger and India! So anyone from us
must take over these both places!". Ashiq says "I have one person, who works for me
till now! He is loyal, can we make him the leader to these two countries?". Charlie
says "Sure! Whose that?". Ashiq says "It's Zack! Charlie must have met him already!".
A voting is done and Zack is selected as the next leader representing India and Niger
in the Syndicate. Zack is called and informed that he will be the next leader. Zack
jumps in joy. The syndicate was on its way to Northern Ireland to give Zack the
position.
Northern Ireland
Zack welcomes the syndicate to Ireland and takes them to the office. Charlie congrat-
ulates Zack on his advancements and gifts him a luxury watch worn by the syndicate
members. Zack falls on Ashiq's feet and takes blessings. Ashiq says "Now you rule
India and Niger! I rule Panama and Europe! Charlie is assigned to Canada and USA!".
Zack says "Sure! What is the first work I should do?". Ashiq says "Meet all our local
dealers and keep and good relationship with them, when syndicate needs a work done,
you do it!". Zack says "Sure!". Suddenly guards turn back and starts shooting. Ashiq
asks "What happened?". Charlie runs into the board room and pulls Ashiq and Zack in-
side. Ashiq asks Charlie "Who is that?". Charlie "It's that guy who came for the deal
few days back!". Ashiq looks at Zack and asks "You told you killed Victor!". Zack
"The guards had already beaten him up before I come! When I checked, there was no
breath". Charlie asks Ashiq and Zack to wait. Charlie pulls out a shotgun behind the
door and walks to Victor. Victor walks towards the guards with a cleaver. Victor
jumps on top of one, twists his head and cuts the head from between. Few guards start
shooting Victor, Victor uses the dead guard's body and a shield and walks. He takes
the cleaver, as he passed each guards, he killed them, slicing throats, cutting out
their tounge and beheading few. Charlie loads the gun and shoots Victor's hands.
Victor goes back. From one of the guard's body he takes out a desert eagle pistol and
shoots Charlie. Charlie takes cover behind a wall. Charlie reloads the gun and points
at Victor and shoots again but misses. Charlie loads the gun taking cover, but Victor
comes and sits beside him. Charlie says "What do you want?". Victor says "Zack and
Ashiq killed my family! So their family, the Syndicate! Is going to die!". Victor
shoots Charlie point-blank and walks into the board room where Ashiq and Zack were
along with Phil from Singapore and South East Asia, Xiao from rest of Asia and Piedro
from South America and Fiesco dealing with Mexican territories where Piedro wasn't
handling sitting in front of them. Victor walks to Zack and beheads Zack's head.
Victor cuts out Zack's hand and removes the luxury watch and sits on the seat where
Zack must have sat for the syndicate. Victor pulls out a handkerchief and wipes the
blood on the watch, puts his leg on the table and says "If anyone goes against me,
Look at Zack and Charlie, you too will be in the same condition. Now I rule India,
Niger, Panama, Canada and USA! I hope you understand!". Piedro pulls out his gun and
points at Victor. Victor throws the cleaver on his head, splitting it into two.
Victor laughs and says to Ashiq "Now South America goes to me! I'm leaving you for
now as you will work for me as a dog, Because of you My ideology went inside the cof-
fin, you buried me in! I am Victor Walter! I hope all the board members understand
now!".
[Interval]
“What shadows men inherit, blood and grief alike do sow;
From out the tomb I rise, and vengeance reaps what mercy cannot grow.”
Northern Ireland
A secret Syndicate meeting without Victor is planned at Ashiq's house. Xiao says "We
need people like him in our syndicate and our opponents will be finished!". Phil says
"I feel he will ruin our syndicate!". While people feel mixed emotions, Ashiq stayed
calm and waited. Once everyone finished speaking Ashiq says "Our Syndicate is a coun-
cil of equals, forged from many banners and voices. Let no tyrant fracture this union
with the fist of a despot. His shadow clouds all we have built, let it be cut down
before darkness spreads". The syndicate decides make a decision. Suddenly a black he-
licopter lands on top of Ashiq's house. With a black and purple tuxedo, Victor comes
out. Victor looks at Ashiq and says "I have come to give you a present, but it was a
surprise seeing you all here!". Victor gives Ashiq a photo with his family dead.
Ashiq shouts in pain and tears and holds Victor's collar asking him why he had done
that. Victor pushes Ashiq and says "You have done a mistake holding my collar in
front of the dignitaries!". A guard give Victor a shotgun. Victor points it at Ashiq,
but shoots Phil and says "He shall not doubt my abilities to control all of these na-
tions! If any contradictions must be addressed now!". Victor puts a dog's belt on
Ashiq's neck and puts some dog food in a bowl and asks him to eat like a dog while he
met Xiao and Fiesco. Fiesco says "There are only 4 more dignitaries including you and
me here in this syndicate! What is your plan?". Victor says "I am planning for Holy
Trinity that is Xiao, Fiesco and Victor!". Xiao asks "What about Ashiq?". Ashiq stops
eating and turns. Victor pulls out a biscuit packet from his pocket and throws at
Ashiq and says "Fetch!". Victor then looks at Fiesco and says "I have heard you have
many connections in India! Why not learn about me from there?" Saying this Victor
leaves along with Ashiq chained like a dog leading him in the front. Fiesco Contacts
a police officer from Bangalore and asks details of Victor.
Bangalore, India
The police officer explains about Victor Walter, The Most Respected Police officer of
India. Victor never goes under someone in any circumstances, if he has gone, then it
must be a part of a plan. He resigned few months back, but people say he might be un-
dercover. To all his opponents, he says never go against his ideology, but he doesn't
have any ideology like that. His Ideology is nothing but killing people whom he
thinks is wrong. Once his father was killed by a robber, who was a security guard in
the bank. Victor found the robber and brutally killed him with a Cleaver, with the
name 'Victor' in its handle, which is considered his weapon. Nobody can stop him if
he takes out his Weapon. Victor goes rogue when his loved ones are harmed. Fiesco
asked if any case is registered on Xavier's death or Victor's missing from India. The
police officer says that both have not been registered as it is wierd as a murder's
case file is closed without any investigation. Fiesco then asks what was the last
case he was handling. The police officer says, it was an operation related to drug
trafficking in India and primary suspect was Ashiq Umran, but the operation was dis-
banded abruptly. Fiesco understands that Victor is playing a game against the syndi-
cate and warns Xiao. Fiesco was unable to contact Ashiq. Ashiq was kept in a cage
where Ashiq's dog used to live. Ashiq's dog was left free to roam. Ashiq felt angry
and humiliated at the same time.
Northern Ireland
Fiesco and Xiao plan to kill Victor by calling him for a party at a old mansion.
Victor arrives in a casual dress with a leather jacket on and on leash was Ashiq.
There were girls, drugs, Alcohol and guns. People were free to use anything at the
Party. Xiao takes Ritalin to feel and kill Victor. Xiao walks to Victor and says
"Wanna dance?". Victor and Xiao start Ball dancing. While dancing Xiao pulls out a
deck of cards. The deck of cards was Xiao's special weapon that was make from real
steel and cut slice through anything. Xiao flicks a card towards Victor. The card
swipes through Victor's arm causing him to bleed. Fiesco frees Ashiq and Ashiq grabs
a screw driver from the Bartender's table. Xiao starts flicking the cards at Victor
continuously. Victor tries to dodge and takes a cover on a table. One of the card
cuts through the table and comes out but Victor dodges it. Victor throws the table of
Xiao. Xiao falls down. Suddenly, Ashiq stabs Victor from behind. Fiesco kicks Victor
from front, pressing him more to Screwdriver. Ashiq moves back and Victor falls down.
Xiao wakes up and kicks the screwdriver piercing it more. Fiesco and Xiao sets their
hair and says to Ashiq "Now we are the holy Trinity!". Victor slowly wakes up and
pulls out the screwdriver. He asks the bartender for some alcohol and pours it on the
would and drinks some. Victor grabs the screwdriver and runs towards Ashiq. Ashiq
holds his hands kicks Victor and throws him aside grabbing the screwdriver. Ashiq
takes the screwdriver and stabs it in Victor's left chest. Victor starts to vomit
blood. Ashiq then pulls out the screwdriver and says "My Ideology is somewhat same as
yours! Respect is always needed! And you turned me into a dog! You think I'll spare
you?". Victor looks at Ashiq and laughs out loud. He puts his hands into the jacket
and takes out his cleaver and puts it on the table. Victor removes the jacket and
takes the cleaver again. Victor looks at Ashiq. Fiesco finds 'Victor' written in the
handle. Fiesco says "Now there's no stopping him! Run!". Ashiq, Fiesco and Xiao start
running. It starts to rain outside with thunder. Victor starts to follow them walk-
ing, while the three ran. Once they felt, Victor was far, they stopped below a tree.
Suddenly a cleaver hits the tree. Fiesco reads the handle and 'Victor' was written on
it. Ashiq tries to take out the cleaver against Victor but is unsuccessful. Victor
walks towards them and they three start running again. Victor runs, pulls the cleaver
from the tree and throws it on Xiao and splits his head into two. Fiesco is horrified
and slips to fall down. Ashiq tries to wake him up but his leg was injured. When
Victor nearest, Ashiq started to run. Fiesco slowly gets up, Victor takes the cleaver
and says "We thought we were the Holy Trinity, but you shattered it!". Fiesco says
"You're a bloody Undercover Police office!". Victor says "So you know!". Fiesco
punches Victor on his face and Victor falls down. Victor gets up and kicks Fiesco
from behind. Takes the cleaver and cuts Fiesco's both arms apart. Victor says "This
is for the Youth, whose life you ruined with your drugs! Now, this is for myself!"
Saying this Victor beheads Fiesco. Ashiq pulls out his phone from the pocket and
tries to call the cops, the Cops dispatch their team. Victor runs to Ashiq and throws
the cleaver cutting Ashiq's leg. Victor says "You will get a call now!". Victor's
phone rings and the person on the other side says "AU pharmaceutical was bombed! The
whole factory and office!". Victor looks at Ashiq and says "The office you used to
use for distributing fake medicines and drugs is gone!". Victor says "I shall not
kill you with my cleaver!". Victor pulls out a small gun from his shoe and shoots
Ashiq Point-blank. The cops arrive at the scene and asks Victor to stay down. Victor
says "I am an Undercover cop from India! These three are International Drug-Lords!".
Since, there were no legal intimation regarding Victor's arrival to Ireland, the gov-
ernment decide to send him back to India.
Bangalore, India
Victor meets the DGP and says "The main heads are dead! Now the tails won't move un-
til the head works!". DGP congratulated Victor for his accomplishments and feels
sorry for the loss of his family. Victor goes to his house in a taxi and asks him to
wait outside. In his house he finds bullet holes and blood on the floor. Victor falls
down and starts crying out loud, and lies down. The taxi driver enters into the house
after sometime. Victor was still lying down. The taxi driver tries to wake Victor but
is unable to and finds out that Victor was dead. The DGP arrives at the scene and the
reason for death is found to be a heart attack. He already had multiple injuries and
the pain of the loss of his family killed him. After the funeral, DGP keeps a flower
on his tomb and walks.
"I'll sacrifice the lamb that I do love
To spite a raven's heart within a dove."
The End
Written By Nivedh Sunil
